-1		staff		But the staff was so horrible to us .
1		food		To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
1		food		The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
1		kitchen		The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
0		menu		The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
1		food		Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ` perks ' were great .
1		perks		Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
1		orrechiete with sausage and chicken		Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken -LRB- usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats -RRB- .
1		waiters		Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken -LRB- usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats -RRB- .
0		meats		Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken -LRB- usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats -RRB- .
0		dish		Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken -LRB- usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats -RRB- .
1		Bagels		The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
1		food		Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
0		songs		i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
-1		toast		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
-1		mayonnaise		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
-1		bacon		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
0		cheese		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
-1		ingredients		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
0		plate		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
0		omelet		They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients -LRB- ie cheese in an omelet -RRB- , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
0		drinks		It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
0		check		It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
1		design		The design and atmosphere is just as good .
1		atmosphere		The design and atmosphere is just as good .
1		cuisine		He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
1		pizza		The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
0		thin crusted pizza		The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
1		interior decoration		All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
-1		chefs		All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
-1		seats		The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
0		seltzer with lime		I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
1		pickles		Do n't go alone -- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
1		selection of meats and seafoods		Do n't go alone -- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
0		dishes		My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
1		eat family style		My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
1		vibe		Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
1		owner		Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
1		service		Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
-1		delivery		Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
1		food		From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
1		atmosphere		From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
1		service		From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
1		food		Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
1		prices		Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
1		interior deco		this little place has a cute interior deco r and affordable city prices .
1		prices		this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
1		wine		Two words : Free wine .
1		price		The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
-1		service		The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
1		quantity		The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
0		sushi		I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
0		sushi bar		I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
1		fried rice		The fried rice is amazing here .
1		mussels		Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
1		puff pastry goat cheese		Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
1		salad with a delicious dressing		Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
1		hanger steak au poivre		Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
0		courses		Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
1		indian food		it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
1		service		The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
1		place		The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
1		broth with noodles		At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
1		meal		I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
1		money		I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
1		wine list		The wine list is excellent .
1		Thai food		Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had -LRB- except for my mom 's of course -RRB- .
0		glass of wine		They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
0		specials		Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
0		lunch		This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
0		dinner		This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
1		dine		This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
1		atmosphere		Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
1		service		Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
1		desert		Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
1		bar		After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
0		table		After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
0		dinner		After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
1		service		Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
1		food		Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
1		atmosphere		Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
1		environment		Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
1		lasagnette appetizer		Try the lasagnette appetizer .
1		beer selection		I liked the beer selection !
1		food		Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
1		menu		Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
1		service		Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
1		setting		Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
1		dinner		Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
1		dining		Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
0		Dosa		I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
1		Wine list selection		Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
1		wine-by-the-glass		Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
1		menu		With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
-1		menu		The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
-1		entrees		The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
-1		menu		The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
1		dishes		The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
-1		sake martini		Not too crazy about their sake martini .
1		bagels		Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
1		spreads		Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
0		table		One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
1		food		Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
1		meal		We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
0		ingredients		Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
0		chopsticks		Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
1		garden terrace		First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
1		pizza		The pizza was pretty good and huge .
0		cuisine		The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
1		atmosphere		I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
1		service		They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
-1		crowded		They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
-1		dish		All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
1		atmosphere		The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
1		service		The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
1		food		The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
-1		grilled branzino		We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
1		wait staff		The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
1		food		The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
1		vibe		It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
1		French food		It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
-1		packed		It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
1		pizza		Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
1		place		Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
1		pre-theater menu		Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
-1		delivery		I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
-1		order		I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
-1		server		Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
0		meal		Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
-1		scents		The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
1		lobster sandwich		We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
-1		check		Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
1		price		Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
1		shell crab		Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
1		Deep Fried Skewers		Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
0		reservations		I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
-1		hostess		I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
1		rice dishes		I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee -LRB- rice porridge -RRB- .
1		congee (rice porridge)		I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge) .
1		tuna tartar appetizer		Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
1		chef		An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion -LRB- and kitchen 's precise execution -RRB- is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
1		fish dishes		An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion -LRB- and kitchen 's precise execution -RRB- is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
1		soups		An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion -LRB- and kitchen 's precise execution -RRB- is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
1		kitchen		An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion -LRB- and kitchen 's precise execution -RRB- is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
1		cuisine		An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion -LRB- and kitchen 's precise execution -RRB- is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
1		wine		If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
1		french fare		If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
1		cheese		If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
1		Indian food		I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
0		baby pizzas		Some baby pizzas get their wish .
-1		waiting		Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
1		lava cake dessert		The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
0		baby pizzas		VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
-1		service		From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
-1		food		From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
-1		managers		From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
1		food		Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
1		food		Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
-1		table		The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
1		selection of wines		good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
1		Italian decor		Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
-1		food		Not impressed with the food .
1		dining experience		The entire dining experience was wonderful !
1		wine selection		The wine selection -LRB- by the glass and bottle -RRB- is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
0		reservation		The wine selection -LRB- by the glass and bottle -RRB- is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
1		Service		Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
1		maitre		Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
-1		reservation		Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
1		panang duck		Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
-1		raw vegatables		Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
-1		service		Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
1		Indian		They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
1		prices		They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
1		Ambiance		Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
1		BBQ Salmon		Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
1		Sea Bass		Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
1		Crispy Duck		Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
1		ingredients		Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
1		ingredients		Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
-1		pizza		Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
0		crust		Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
1		kababs		and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
1		Dal Bukhara		and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
1		eating		I look forward to eating here again
1		taste		I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
1		meal		Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
1		price		Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
1		glass of prosecco		A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
1		mussels		A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
1		glass of Leaping Lizard		A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
0		Food		Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
-1		creme brulee		Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
-1		sugar		Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
1		food		The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
1		served		The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
1		pizza		The pizza here is delicious .
1		Pizza		Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
1		delivery		Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
1		garlic knots		Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
1		chinese food		For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
0		service		But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
-1		food		This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
1		chef		Hats off to the chef .
-1		Service		Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things -LRB- the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one -RRB- in the restaurant experience .
1		teapot		Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things -LRB- the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one -RRB- in the restaurant experience .
1		pizza		The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
1		fresh mozzarella		The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
-1		cheese		The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
1		place		Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
1		food		Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
1		service		service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
1		getting a table		service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
1		bistro-type vibe		The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
-1		waitress		First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her -LRB- odd in a restaurant with 6 tables -RRB- and got our order wrong .
0		tables		First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her -LRB- odd in a restaurant with 6 tables -RRB- and got our order wrong .
-1		food		The food was bland oily .
1		prices		What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
1		food		What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
1		fish		The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
-1		variety of fish		The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
1		pesto pizza		Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
1		house salad		Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
1		bottle of wine		Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
1		meal		Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
1		bartender		And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
1		beverage manager		And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
1		Ambiance		Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
1		music		Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
1		food		The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
1		drinks		The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
1		service		The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
0		food		I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
0		refleshment		I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
1		ambiance		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
1		service		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
1		foods		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
1		tastes		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
1		sommlier		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
1		captain		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
1		back waiters		I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
-1		waitress		Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
1		tandoori salmon		Try the tandoori salmon !
1		atmosphere		Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
-1		space		Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
1		service		Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
1		atmorphere		I love the atmorphere @ peep !
1		service		The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
1		menu items		The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
1		three course meal		The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
1		Pizza		Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
1		environment		The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
-1		food		The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
-1		service		The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
1		crawfish boiled		We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
0		reservation		I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
0		table		What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
-1		Pad Thai		I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
-1		noodles		I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
0		delivered		So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
1		values for your money		Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
1		lunch		Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
-1		hostess		The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
1		food		If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
-1		wait building		If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
-1		corridor		A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess -LRB- stacks of bottles , cans -RRB- and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
-1		space		A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess -LRB- stacks of bottles , cans -RRB- and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
-1		counters		A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess -LRB- stacks of bottles , cans -RRB- and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
-1		counter		A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess -LRB- stacks of bottles , cans -RRB- and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
0		entrees		A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess -LRB- stacks of bottles , cans -RRB- and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
1		food		The food is great .
1		steaks		Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ` doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
1		salads		Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ` doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
1		sides		Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ` doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
1		Lunch		Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
0		pickels and slaw		Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
1		wine		Decent wine at reasonable prices .
1		prices		Decent wine at reasonable prices .
1		delivered		All conveniently delivered right to the door .
1		wine by the glass		even the wine by the glass was good .
-1		price		would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
1		dish		This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
1		Change Mojito		I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
0		service		Okay service .
1		food		The only thing more wonderful than the food -LRB- which is exceptional -RRB- is the service .
1		service		The only thing more wonderful than the food -LRB- which is exceptional -RRB- is the service .
-1		food		The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
-1		soup for the udon		The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
0		soy sauce		The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
0		water		The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
1		anti-pasta		The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
1		calamari		The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
1		filling pasta mains		The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
1		waitress		The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
0		food		The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
1		glasses of wine		The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
1		food		They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
-1		counter		They might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says I love you .
1		sushi		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		ceviche mix (special)		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix (special) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		crab dumplings		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		assorted sashimi		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		sushi		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		rolls		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		sake		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		banana tempura		We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix -LRB- special -RRB- , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
1		plain pizza		Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
1		garlic		Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
1		eggplant		Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
-1		servers		Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
-1		getting a table		Good luck getting a table .
-1		service		The service is awful .
1		takeout menu		The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
1		menu		The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
1		italian dishes		The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
0		Thai food		I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
1		hostess		Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
1		pizza		The pizza is good though .
1		bottles of wine		bottles of wine are cheap and good .
1		beers		The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
1		food		The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
1		pumkin tortelini		The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
1		dish		The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
-1		dinner special		They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
1		crabmeat lasagna		You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
1		chocolate bread pudding		You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
1		dessert		You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
1		pasta dishes		word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
1		tiramisu		word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
1		service		Very good service and very good prices .
1		prices		Very good service and very good prices .
0		lunch		I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
1		service		The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
1		staff		The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
0		menu		The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
0		meal		The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
1		bagel		Ess-A-Bagel -LRB- either by Sty-town or midtown -RRB- is by far the best bagel in NY .
1		food		Our food was great too !
-1		servers		The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
0		food		Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
1		plate of dumplings		Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
1		Filet Mignon		Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
0		sangria		We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
0		bar		We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
0		bar		We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
-1		bartender		We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
1		sake menu		The sake menu should not be overlooked !
1		drinks		the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
1		beef cubes		i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
1		service		The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
1		wine selection		The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
1		ambiance		The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
1		reservations		We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
-1		service		We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
1		service		It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
1		waiters		It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
-1		dessert		The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
-1		portions		The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
1		traffic noise		It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
1		food		Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
1		food		I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
1		ambience		I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
1		service		I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
0		dinner meeting		This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
1		atmosphere		All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
1		food		The food here does a great service to the name -LRB- Cantonese that is ... -RRB- .
1		Cantonese		The food here does a great service to the name -LRB- Cantonese that is ... -RRB- .
0		cooking		But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
1		food		Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
1		Prix Fixe menu		The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough -LRB- both in quantity AND quality -RRB- .
1		quantity		The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough -LRB- both in quantity AND quality -RRB- .
1		quality		The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough -LRB- both in quantity AND quality -RRB- .
0		lunch		I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
-1		eggs benedict		I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
-1		hollondaise sauce		I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
0		brunch		I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
1		oatmeal		I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
-1		food		Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
1		menu		The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
-1		Chilean Sea Bass		The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
-1		server		The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
0		specials		The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
1		food		The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
1		onion soup		The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
0		wine		overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp -LRB- including wine -RRB- , a solid deal as well .
1		staff		Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
-1		Dim Sum		Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
1		dinner		Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
-1		roll		It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
-1		roll		It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
-1		roll		It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
0		rice		It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
0		gin and tonic		When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
0		tonic		When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
-1		dim sum		The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should -LRB- also note lack of Chinese here -RRB- .
-1		little dishes		The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should -LRB- also note lack of Chinese here -RRB- .
0		service		The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
-1		Thai		If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
0		reservation		I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
0		Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree		The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
1		roast duck		If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
1		pork		If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
1		chicken on rice with ginger		If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
-1		menu		You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
1		Staff		Staff is very accomodating .
0		reservation		I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
0		dinner		yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
1		Sake		Very popular style Izakaya -LRB- Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes -RRB- .
1		dishes		Very popular style Izakaya -LRB- Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes -RRB- .
0		portion		Very popular style Izakaya -LRB- Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes -RRB- .
1		food		The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
1		service		The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
1		roti rolls		This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
1		ingredients		Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
1		meal		We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
1		food		We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
1		tip		We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
1		service		Quick and friendly service .
0		meat		They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
1		hot dogs		Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
1		Delivery		Delivery is fast too .
-1		noise level		The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
1		Personal pans		Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
1		Spicy Fried Clam Rolls		Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
1		Spider Rolls		Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
1		menu		One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
1		atmosphere		The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
1		place		Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
0		FOOD		Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
1		lunch		just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
1		food quality		head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised -LRB- and underdeserving -RRB- baluchi 's .
-1		man		The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving -LRB- mean while there were boths open all around -RRB- .
0		table		The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving -LRB- mean while there were boths open all around -RRB- .
-1		table		The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving -LRB- mean while there were boths open all around -RRB- .
1		cheesecake		Try the cheesecake !
-1		food		As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
-1		employees		As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
-1		containers for condiments		As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
0		containers		As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
-1		manager		As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
1		Indian food		Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
1		service		Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
1		Decor		Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
1		food		Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
1		wine list		Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
0		food		Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
-1		flavor		I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
0		price		I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
-1		tuna melt		We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
0		cheese		We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
-1		tuna sandwich		We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
1		chicken tikka		Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
1		naan		Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
1		dals		Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
-1		waiters		The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
-1		bill		The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
1		lawns		The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
1		sangria		The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
-1		thai food		Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
-1		food		For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
-1		service		For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
1		ravioli		I had the best ravioli ever .
1		service		Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
0		bill		The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
0		lunch		The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
0		drinks		The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
-1		sushi		Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
1		food		The food is great , service is ok .
0		service		The food is great , service is ok .
-1		price tag		The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
1		Thai food		Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
1		appetizers		Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
1		service		The service was attentive .
1		mozzarella		He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
1		pie		He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
-1		Fish		Fish was overdone .
1		main dining room		When you 're sitting in their main dining room -LRB- which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling -RRB- you 'd never know there was a world outside .
1		ceiling		When you 're sitting in their main dining room -LRB- which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling -RRB- you 'd never know there was a world outside .
1		menu selections		We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
1		service		We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
0		music		also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
1		establishment		The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
1		food		Good food .
1		wait staff		The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
1		dim sum		The dim sum however was very good .
1		Service		Service has always been friendly and efficient .
0		seafood dishes		Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
0		appetizers		Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
0		lunch		Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
0		dinner		All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
0		bottle of wine		The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
0		grapes		The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
1		Prices		Prices are very good .
-1		waiter		We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
-1		thai food		Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
0		dish		Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
1		burger		While certain staples are excellent -LRB- the burger , some of the pastas -RRB- , the food is not really the point .
1		pastas		While certain staples are excellent -LRB- the burger , some of the pastas -RRB- , the food is not really the point .
0		food		While certain staples are excellent -LRB- the burger , some of the pastas -RRB- , the food is not really the point .
1		staples		While certain staples are excellent -LRB- the burger , some of the pastas -RRB- , the food is not really the point .
0		Dim Sum		The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
0		food		The food was so-so .
-1		waitress		The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
1		seating		The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
1		bar		The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
1		place		The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
0		dinner		Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
1		Food		Food - awesome .
1		music		good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
1		food		good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
1		service		good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
1		prices		good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
-1		price		The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
1		owner		May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
-1		sides		The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
-1		seafood		For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
-1		menu		For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
0		Salmon		For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
1		beverages		The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
1		dessert		The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
-1		hostess		The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
-1		waitress		The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
1		Asian appetizers		Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
1		drinks		Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
-1		wait		Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
1		view		I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
1		meal		If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
1		dinner		When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
1		ambiance		When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
1		food		When going out for a nice dinner , I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
1		service		Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
1		prices		Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
1		sushi		Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
1		service		Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
1		value		Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
-1		service		This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
-1		served		This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
1		service		A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
1		attitude		A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
1		food		The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
1		striped bass		The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
0		corriander		The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
1		black white shakes		black white shakes came out good also .
1		meal		It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
0		dinner		After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
-1		seating		The seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
0		chu chu curry		I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
0		pad thai chicken		I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
0		food		We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
0		prix fixe		We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
1		pastrami		However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
1		soups		However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
1		bagels		Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
1		sushi		This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
1		bagel with lox spread		my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
1		bagles		my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
-1		food		I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
-1		quality of food		I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
-1		lobby area		For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
-1		seated		For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
1		pizza		The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
1		proprietor		The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
0		lunch meetings		Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
1		decor		The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
1		prices		The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
1		food's presentation		The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
1		Waitstaff		The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
1		swordfish		The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
1		meal		The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
1		setting		The setting is casual and romantic .
-1		management		Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
1		service		Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
1		seating		Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
1		Delivery		Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
1		sushi		Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
1		desserts		The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants .
1		Italian food		The Italian food has flavor -LRB- that can be sort of surprising on the UES -RRB- , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
1		food		I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
1		salmon dish		I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
1		rolls		Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
1		food		Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
1		decor		Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
1		prices		Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
1		owner		Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
0		lunch		I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
0		dinner		I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
1		Moules		Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
-1		lobster ravioli		Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
-1		dosa		A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
1		eat		A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
-1		atmosphere		The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
1		seafood		The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
1		wine list		The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
1		menu		The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
0		wine		i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
0		indian		i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
0		wine list		i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
0		wines		i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
1		Pastrami or corned beef		Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high -LRB- ask for extra rye bread -RRB- .
1		rye bread		Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high -LRB- ask for extra rye bread -RRB- .
-1		glasses of champagne		-LRB- $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks -RRB- .
-1		bottle of wine		-LRB- $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks -RRB- .
-1		after dinner drinks		-LRB- $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks -RRB- .
-1		seasoning		Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
0		food		The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
-1		food		The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
1		waitress		The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
1		food		The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
1		ambience		The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
-1		service		The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
1		wine list		Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
1		staff		Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
1		owners		Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
1		menu		Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
1		people		The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
0		menu		We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
0		main dishes		We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
1		waiter		We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
0		specials		We did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
0		location		The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
0		ambience		The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
1		food		The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
1		stuff		otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
1		eats		otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
-1		dinner		The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
1		gourmet food		I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
1		bruschetta		I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's ...
1		panini		I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's ...
1		dishes		Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
0		menu		Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
-1		service		He offers subpar service and has no personality .
1		waitress		The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
1		fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd		The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
-1		food		Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ...
-1		prices		Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ...
1		food		While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
1		portions		The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
1		servers		The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
1		starter		The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
1		bagels		delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
1		food		All the food was hot tasty .
1		pizza		This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
-1		take-out pizza		This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
1		server		Our server was very helpful and friendly .
1		green curry with vegetables		Try green curry with vegetables .
-1		place		First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
0		door		The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
1		priced		Much more reasonably priced too !
-1		food		The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
-1		portioins		The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
-1		reservation		Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
1		Pad Thai		The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
-1		lunch specials		I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
1		place		We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
1		pizzas		We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
0		food		The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
1		pot-stickers		We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
1		tempura dis		We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dis h that was great .
1		stuff		I think the stuff was better than Disney .
-1		food		While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
1		atmosphere		While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
1		entree range		While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
1		French food		Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
-1		deliveries		Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
-1		food		Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
1		staff		The staff is no nonsense .
1		portions		And really large portions .
1		staff		This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
-1		smoked salmon and roe appetizer		I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
0		lunch		We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
1		food		We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
1		garlic shrimp		I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra -LRB- bindi -RRB- , and anything with lamb .
1		lamb		I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra -LRB- bindi -RRB- , and anything with lamb .
1		okra (bindi)		I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra (bindi) , and anything with lamb .
0		waiter		As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
1		menu		The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
0		burger		The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
0		steak		The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
0		escargot		The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
1		plate		In fact , two people could really share one plate .
1		food		The food is great and authentic .
1		casual dinner		Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
1		food		Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
1		price		Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
1		wine list		Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
-1		Prices		Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
1		chicken tikka marsala		Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
1		styles of pizza		This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
-1		look		The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
-1		food		The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
-1		portions		The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
1		coconut rice		But the coconut rice was good .
0		appetizer		It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
1		food		The food was great .
0		food		Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
1		beers on tap		Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
1		wine list		Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
1		priced		Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
-1		music		If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
-1		bottle minimun		If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
1		food		All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
1		spot		Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
1		staff		Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
1		meal		Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
1		table		The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
1		Quality of food		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
1		price		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
1		pork		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
1		fish		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
1		chicken		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
1		lamb		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
1		vegetables		Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
-1		seating		The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
-1		place		The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
1		appetizing		The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price -LRB- if bought by the pound -RRB- .
1		price		The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price -LRB- if bought by the pound -RRB- .
0		bun		But , they were too big for the bun .
1		food		The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
1		priced		The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
1		fusion of French and Indian cooking		Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
-1		turnip cake		A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
-1		roast pork buns		A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
-1		egg custards		A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
1		bagels		The bagels are fabulous .
0		seating in the garden		Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
0		seats		Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
1		service		Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
1		place		Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
0		water		Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
1		food		The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
1		place		The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
1		food options		The food options rule .
1		cost		A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
0		pre-theatre 3-course dinner		We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
0		wine flight		We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
0		lunch		Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner -LRB- too close to downtown -RRB- .
0		dinner		Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner -LRB- too close to downtown -RRB- .
-1		calzones		Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
0		drink		It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something -LRB- although they dont forget to charge you for it .
1		place		The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
1		bar scene		The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
1		staff		Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
1		spreads		Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
1		beverage selections		Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
1		bagels		Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
-1		waiter		First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
1		specials		First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
-1		served		First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
1		tiramisu		Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
0		meal		Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
1		secret back room		Check out the secret back room .
1		bar		It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
1		food		Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
1		service		Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
1		gulab jamun		Stick to the gulab jamun .
1		prices		I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
1		atmosphere		I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
1		service		I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
1		wine list		I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
0		diner		I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
-1		wait staff		I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
-1		table		I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
1		meal		With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
1		room		With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
0		dinner		We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
1		pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar		By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
1		desserts with frog jelly		By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
1		food		The food is great and reasonably priced .
1		priced		The food is great and reasonably priced .
1		thai cuisine		I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
1		crew		Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
1		host		Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
1		round tables		The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
1		Taiwanese		The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
1		french fries		My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
1		dinner		It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
1		food		The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
1		dishes		The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
1		specials		The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
1		regular menu-fare		The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
0		Prices		Prices are in line .
1		fresh tomato sauce		The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
1		fresh mozz cheese		The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
1		basil		The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
1		dough		The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
1		pizza		The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
1		flour		The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
1		food		The food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
1		Indian food		For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
1		Paneer Roll		For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
1		food		The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
1		plates		The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
1		fresh mozzerella slices		Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
1		Plain Cheese slice		Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
-1		food		The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
-1		food		Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
1		food		It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect -LRB- i.e. , surprisingly fresh -RRB- .
0		Filet Mignon with garlic mash		I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
1		pre-theater menu		I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu -LRB- $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee -RRB- and it was marvelous .
1		roasted tomato soup with chevre		I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu -LRB- $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee -RRB- and it was marvelous .
1		steak frites		I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu -LRB- $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee -RRB- and it was marvelous .
1		creme brulee		I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu -LRB- $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee -RRB- and it was marvelous .
1		waitstaff		The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
1		bread		- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
1		pizza		- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
0		margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top		- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
0		salad		- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
0		Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula		- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
1		bruschettas		The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
1		paninis		The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
1		tramezzinis		The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
1		waiters		Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
0		diners		Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
1		chef		While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
1		dishes		While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
0		cuisine		While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
1		Indian		While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
1		owner		The owner truly caters to all your needs .
1		food		He takes real pride in his food and his business .
1		meal		So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
1		pre-theater prix-fixe		So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
1		food		Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
1		wine		Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
1		dining		Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
1		menu		The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
0		fried chicken		The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
0		pork chop		The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
0		noodle dishes		The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
1		Indian food		I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
1		privacy		Great romantic place for a date -LRB- try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! -RRB- .
1		corner booth table		Great romantic place for a date -LRB- try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! -RRB- .
1		place		Great romantic place for a date -LRB- try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! -RRB- .
-1		manager		I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
0		open faced cheese sandwich		I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
1		breads		very good breads as well .
0		naan		if this happens , just ask for real naan .
-1		squid		We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
1		half-price Saturday night option		We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
1		Pizza		Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
1		homemade pasta		Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
1		value ofr money		This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
1		soup		Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
1		mushrooms		Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
-1		waiting		There are other people waiting !
1		beginning appetizers		From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
1		scallops		From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
1		chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet		From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
1		taste		From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
1		Japanese Tapas		Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
1		fish		My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
1		rice		My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
1		seaweed		My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
1		dishes		The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
1		lamb sausages		The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
1		sardines with biscuits		The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
1		large whole shrimp		The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
1		pistachio ice cream		The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -LRB- the best and freshest I 've ever had -RRB- .
1		food		The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
0		price		The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
1		ambiance		While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
1		atmosphere		While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
-1		food		While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
-1		service		While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
1		server		The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
0		food		The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
0		drinks		The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
1		served		The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
0		food		We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
1		sushi		Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
1		thai food		Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
-1		Chef		Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
-1		service		I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
-1		table		I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
1		garlic		The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
1		fresh tomatoes		The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
1		sauce on the pizza		The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
1		outdoor seating		We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
1		mesclun		My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
1		salmon		My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
1		ice cream		My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
1		courses		My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
0		wait		We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
1		food		The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
-1		place		The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
1		staff		Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz -LRB- the chilaquiles were awesome !
1		bistro fare		Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz -LRB- the chilaquiles were awesome !
1		chilaquiles		Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz -LRB- the chilaquiles were awesome !
1		jazz brunch		Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz -LRB- the chilaquiles were awesome !
1		live jazz		Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz -LRB- the chilaquiles were awesome !
1		prices		The prices were fantastic .
1		measures of liquers		Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
0		service		The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
0		thai food		It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
1		Food		Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection -LRB- though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience -RRB- .
-1		pork belly		Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection -LRB- though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience -RRB- .
-1		fat		Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection -LRB- though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience -RRB- .
1		food		i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
-1		tables		It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
1		dinner		It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
1		place		It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
1		pizza		I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
0		bar		Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
1		Service		Service was prompt , friendly and great .
1		lamb chop		I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
1		salads		I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
1		lemon		I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
1		extra virgnin olive oil		I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
-1		sushi		The sushi was awful !
1		meal		You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
1		dishes		You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
1		Pastrami sandwich		The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
1		beer		The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
1		pickles		The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
-1		plain pizza		The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom -LRB- third generation-Fornini -RRB- pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle -LRB- again making it soggy -RRB- and nothingon the rest .
0		truffle oil		The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom -LRB- third generation-Fornini -RRB- pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle -LRB- again making it soggy -RRB- and nothingon the rest .
1		wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza		The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle -LRB- again making it soggy -RRB- and nothingon the rest .
-1		omelletes		Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
-1		tip		After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
1		lunch		It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
1		dinner		It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
-1		counter		Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
1		fish		Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
1		service		Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
1		Sushi fix		Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
1		waitress		Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
0		reservation sigh		Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
-1		table		Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
-1		food		I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
-1		menu		Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
1		food art		Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
1		outdoor atmosphere		The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
0		toppings		A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
1		pizza		brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
1		service		Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
1		food		Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
1		price		Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
-1		Thai food		For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
0		bagels		Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
-1		bills		Oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
0		scallion pancakes		The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
0		fried dumplings		The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
1		appetizers		All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
1		salads		All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
1		steak		All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
1		pasta		All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
-1		table		Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
-1		served		Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
-1		dishes		Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
-1		table		Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
-1		served		Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
-1		bill		Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served -LRB- and that order was undercooked -RRB- , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
1		Service		Service is top notch .
-1		food		The food now is inconsistent .
1		dumpling		You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc. .
0		fondue appetizer		I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
0		spice		BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
1		Octopus salad		The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
-1		foods		We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
-1		MSG cooking		We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
-1		Tom Kha soup		And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
1		Bombay beer		I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
1		decor		The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
1		dining hall		The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
1		semi-private boths		The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
1		Service		Service was quick .
-1		service		Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
0		office lunch		Went there for an office lunch .
1		sweet lassi		The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
1		lamb chettinad		The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
1		garlic naan		The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
-1		rasamalai		The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
1		bistro fare		We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
1		chef		We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
1		food		We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
1		lambchops		The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
1		spicy tuna		The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
1		salmon		The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
1		seafood		Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
-1		prices		Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
1		food		In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
1		prices		In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
1		owners		Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
1		hosts		Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
-1		quality value		Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
0		Meat dishes		Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
1		vegetarian-friendly choices		Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
1		prices		Reasonable prices .
1		amuse bouche		they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
1		dessert		they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
1		tables		they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
1		service		they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
1		crunchy tuna		Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
-1		food		It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
1		sushi		All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
1		live entertainment		It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
1		special effects		It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
1		sushi		if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's -LRB- east side -RRB- .
1		sushi		if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's -LRB- east side -RRB- .
-1		fountain drinks		No refills on fountain drinks , though .
1		beers		Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
1		portions		Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
1		Steak Tartare		The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
-1		Crab Croquette apt		My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
1		waiter		Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
0		wine		Did I mention the wine ?
1		house wine		Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
-1		bread		like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
0		dim sum servings		The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
0		management		However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
1		door		However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
-1		glass front		However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
-1		meal		We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
1		Barbecued codfish		Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
-1		seasoning		Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
-1		spice rub		Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
-1		herb mix		Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
-1		sauce		Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
1		dance floor		After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
0		dinner		After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
1		value		Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
1		food		Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
0		chef		Has the chef and owner changed ???
0		owner		Has the chef and owner changed ???
1		dinner		My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
-1		bacon		But do n't ever order bacon late at nite -LRB- either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place -RRB- as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
-1		platter		But do n't ever order bacon late at nite -LRB- either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place -RRB- as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
-1		in sandwiches		But do n't ever order bacon late at nite -LRB- either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place -RRB- as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
-1		frying		But do n't ever order bacon late at nite -LRB- either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place -RRB- as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
-1		bacos		But do n't ever order bacon late at nite -LRB- either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place -RRB- as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
1		Bagels		Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
1		Pizza		Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
1		crust		Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
1		pizza		Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
0		toppings		Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
1		bread		Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
1		spot		I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
-1		menu		They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
-1		American Chinese food		They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
1		Service		Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent -LRB- huge portion -RRB- and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
1		beef carpaachio		Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent -LRB- huge portion -RRB- and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
1		pasta		Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent -LRB- huge portion -RRB- and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
1		portion		Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent -LRB- huge portion -RRB- and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
0		kalbi		kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
0		nebbiolo		kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
1		Italian food		Best Italian food I ever had -LRB- and being Italian , that means alot -RRB- .
1		Italian food		I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
1		Located		Located at the end of a magnificent block .
1		meal		Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
0		room		Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
-1		clubhouse		Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
0		trays of Dim Sum		They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
1		bar		Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen -LRB- specifically the blond lady -RRB- .
1		bartenders		Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen -LRB- specifically the blond lady -RRB- .
0		dessert		We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
-1		waitress		We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
0		bill		We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
1		cheff		I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
1		food		I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
-1		cheese		They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
1		meal		I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
1		server		I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
1		wine		I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
-1		wine		I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
1		price rang		I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price rang e , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
0		priced		I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
-1		svc		The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
1		food		The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
1		dishes		The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
1		drinks		The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
1		whole grilled fish		But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
1		tuna tartare		I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
1		sake		I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
1		mushroom ravioli		I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
1		pinot noir		I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
1		chocolate sampler		I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
1		dessert wine		I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
1		lunch		On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
1		food		The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
1		service		The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
-1		lines		I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
-1		crowds		I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
1		Pizza		Pizza here is consistently good .
1		shows		We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
1		food		We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
1		characters		We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
-1		waiter		After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away -LRB- we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink -RRB- , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
0		beers		After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away -LRB- we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink -RRB- , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
-1		manager		After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away -LRB- we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink -RRB- , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
1		reservations		After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away -LRB- we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink -RRB- , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
-1		dinner		Would n't recomend it for dinner !
-1		Sauce		Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
-1		food		Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
-1		flavor		Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
1		Sangria		My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
1		indian cuisine		But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
1		pasta dish		We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
1		served		We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
-1		bread		First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
0		appetizer		First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
0		glass of wine		First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
0		main course		First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
1		neighborhood		Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
1		food		Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
1		Thai food		In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
-1		waiter		Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
-1		hosting staff		Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
-1		reservations		Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
0		reservation		Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
-1		seating		Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
1		food		The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
1		dishes		The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
-1		specials		They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
-1		ingredients		They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
0		thai		They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
0		apetizers		Other apetizers and food
0		food		Other apetizers and food
1		noodle and rices dishes		The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
1		food		The food 's as good as ever .
1		crust		The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
1		staff		The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
1		ingredients		The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
0		bagel		Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
-1		food		the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
-1		vegetables		the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
-1		sauce		the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
1		fried clams		And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
-1		sauces		The sauces used are also not that exciting .
1		lunch menu		The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
1		appetizer		The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
1		entree		The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
-1		rice		The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
-1		quality		The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
-1		cooked		The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
1		champagne		We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
1		caviar		We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
1		shrimp scampi		The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
1		antipasti		The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
0		dessert		When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
1		waiter		When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
1		dim sum combo		I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
-1		seating		There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
0		food		There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
-1		wait		There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
0		martini		If it 's just a quick martini at the bar -LRB- which I recommend Jeffery 's -RRB- or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
0		bar		If it 's just a quick martini at the bar -LRB- which I recommend Jeffery 's -RRB- or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
1		Roast Chicken		If it 's just a quick martini at the bar -LRB- which I recommend Jeffery 's -RRB- or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
0		table		There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
1		insde table		There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
-1		wait		There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
1		prices		The prices are wonderfully low .
0		chicken vindaloo		If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
0		spicy food		If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
1		lunch specials		I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
1		bar food		So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
1		menu		So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
1		hand-crafted beers		So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
0		drink		No free drink .
1		food		This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
1		service		This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
1		capex		While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
0		bagels		While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
0		chefs		The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
0		decor		Do n't waste money on decor .
1		back garden		They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
1		outdoor seatin		They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seatin g - what more could you ask for ?
0		nigiri		I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
1		architecture		Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
-1		place		Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
0		dinner		I 'd call it an ` italian dinner ' .
1		drinks		While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
-1		place		While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
1		food		Have frequented ` ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
1		eggplant		Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
1		food		Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
1		food		all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
1		quality of food		all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
0		priced		all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
1		mushroom pizza		My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
-1		cod with paella		I had the cod with paella -LRB- spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half -RRB- while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips -LRB- again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries -RRB- .
-1		fish and chips		I had the cod with paella -LRB- spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half -RRB- while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips -LRB- again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries -RRB- .
-1		serving		I had the cod with paella -LRB- spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half -RRB- while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips -LRB- again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries -RRB- .
0		fish		I had the cod with paella -LRB- spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half -RRB- while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips -LRB- again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries -RRB- .
0		fries		I had the cod with paella -LRB- spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half -RRB- while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips -LRB- again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries -RRB- .
1		place		It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
-1		service		It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
-1		calamari		You should pass on the calamari .
-1		porcini mushroom pasta special		The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
-1		seafood tagliatelle		The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
1		spicy wontons		Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
1		salt pepper shrimps		Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
1		FOOD PORTIONS		THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
1		fries		The fries are yummy .
1		staff		Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
1		bar service		Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
1		Taiwanese food		Best Taiwanese food in NY !
1		food		This place is a great stop for great food .
1		pastas		All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
1		homemade lasagna		All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
0		dessert menu		We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
1		tip		We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
-1		prices		And the prices were way to high for what you get .
-1		staff		The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
-1		service		Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
1		music		The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
1		in-house lady DJ		The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
0		rolls		I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
1		wine list		Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
1		priced		Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
-1		hot dogs		The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
-1		buns		The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
1		food		While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap -LRB- though not extremely expensive either -RRB- .
1		Beef noodle soup		Beef noodle soup is good as well .
1		Delivery service		Delivery service is great too .
1		food		The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
1		Thai cuisine		The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
1		flavors		The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
1		service		I recieved prompt service with a smile .
-1		pizza		They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
1		place		The place was quiet and delightful .
1		food		The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
1		food		The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
1		herbs		The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
1		tomatoes		The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
1		food		As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
-1		shredded cheese		It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
1		prices		The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
1		ambience		The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
1		soup		The soup is pretty good too .
1		reservation		It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
1		root vegetables		I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
1		mushroom consomme		I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
1		chef		I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
1		served		If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
0		food		not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
0		ambiance		not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
0		service		not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
-1		wait staff		not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
0		Shabu-Shabu dinner		I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
1		beef		I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
-1		pizza		The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
-1		cheese		The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
1		food		We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
-1		comfort		Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
-1		decor		Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
-1		wait staff		Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
-1		meals		Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
1		pho		Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
1		vegtables		Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
0		service		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
0		ambiance		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
-1		food		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
-1		presentaion		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
-1		taste		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
-1		choice		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
-1		quality		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
-1		quantity		On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
1		bar scene		I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
1		people		If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
-1		pizza		If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
1		food		The food is amazing !!!!
1		food		Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
0		oil		Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
-1		portions		The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
-1		sauces		The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
1		service		The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
1		price		For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
1		owner		The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
1		pizza		The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
1		atmosphere		The atmosphere is great !!!
-1		food		With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
-1		wait-staff		With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
-1		service		With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
-1		management		With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
-1		diner		With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
1		sea urchin		I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
-1		service		The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
1		food		The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
-1		bruscetta		The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
1		salads		The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
1		dishes		The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
1		mix of greens		The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
0		iceberg		The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
1		served		The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens -LRB- not iceberg -RRB- all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
0		atmosphere		The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
1		prices		The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
1		pickles		The pickles were great addition .
-1		General Tao chicken		If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
0		Chinese food		If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
1		shrimp appetizers		You must try the shrimp appetizers .
1		cuisine		Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
1		service		Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
1		food		The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
-1		Waiters		Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
-1		food portions		Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
0		drinks		Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
-1		entree		Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
1		cold appetizer dishes		The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
0		bar		The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
1		wines		Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
1		service		Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
1		decor		Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
1		reservation		Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
0		drink		Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
0		bar		Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
1		parmesean porcini souffle		Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
1		lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar		Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
0		food		The food at this place is ` gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
0		'gourmet' Indian cuisine		The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine .
-1		bar		But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ` pub ' .
-1		pub		But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ` bar ' or ' pub ' .
1		corned beef sandwich		While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
1		pizza		However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
-1		Priced		Priced at upper intermediate range .
-1		food		If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
-1		amount		If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
1		olive cream cheese		Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
1		lox spread		Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
0		bagel		Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
1		service		they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
1		server		they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
0		table		they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
-1		music		I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
1		rice to fish ration		The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
1		rice		The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
0		shredded cheese		They used shredded cheese on top !
1		food		The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
1		selecion of wines		The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
1		prices		The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
1		wait staff		The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
1		Godmother pizza		I could n't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher .
1		dishes		I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
1		thai cuisine		I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
1		prices		For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
0		location		For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
0		food		The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
0		prices		The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
-1		food		My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like -LRB- aND look like -RRB- .
-1		crab cocktail		I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
0		lime juice concoction		I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
0		lime		I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
1		menu items		I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
1		food		We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
1		wine		We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
1		service		We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
0		dessert		Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
1		dinner		Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
1		corned beef		The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
1		Chicken pad tai		The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
0		sushi		$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
1		fish		Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
1		service		Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
1		ambiance		Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
1		location		Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
1		outdoor seating		Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
1		wine		Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
1		ambience		Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
1		wine		Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
0		sake		We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
1		dumplings		I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
1		crowd		Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
-1		turkey burger		My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
-1		salmon		My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
0		Decor		Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
1		drinks		His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
1		food		Great food , great prices , great service .
1		prices		Great food , great prices , great service .
1		service		Great food , great prices , great service .
0		Chinese food		This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
1		Pizza		Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
1		Margheritta		Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
1		place		This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
1		Thai food		This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
1		menu		Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
-1		table		Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
0		eel		uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel -RRB- to get a good taste comparison .
1		lox		We started with lox and mussels -LRB- the best ive ever had , ever -RRB- and had the cod and trout for dinner .
1		mussels		We started with lox and mussels -LRB- the best ive ever had , ever -RRB- and had the cod and trout for dinner .
0		cod		We started with lox and mussels -LRB- the best ive ever had , ever -RRB- and had the cod and trout for dinner .
0		trout		We started with lox and mussels -LRB- the best ive ever had , ever -RRB- and had the cod and trout for dinner .
0		dinner		We started with lox and mussels -LRB- the best ive ever had , ever -RRB- and had the cod and trout for dinner .
-1		crispy chicken		The crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
1		Food		Food is great .
1		meatballs		I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
1		caprese salad		I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
1		beans on toast		I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
0		meal		I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
-1		place		This place is incredibly tiny .
1		atmosphere		I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
0		diners		In reality -LRB- to maximize potential diners -RRB- they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
-1		reservations		In reality -LRB- to maximize potential diners -RRB- they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
-1		tables		In reality -LRB- to maximize potential diners -RRB- they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
0		lobby		In reality -LRB- to maximize potential diners -RRB- they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
-1		waiting		In reality -LRB- to maximize potential diners -RRB- they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
1		wine		The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
1		tapas		The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
1		pita bread		The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
1		waitresses		But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
1		price		But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
1		service		But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
0		menu		But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
0		food		But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
-1		Dim Sum		I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
1		variety		The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
1		delivery		The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
1		service		Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
1		food		Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
1		service		It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
0		seat		It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
-1		Dinner		Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
-1		people		The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
-1		sandwiches		The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
1		Price		Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
1		fried rice		The fried rice is really good too .
1		staff		We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
1		manager		We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
1		menu selections		We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
-1		dining experience		Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
-1		serves		still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
0		front doors		I was with a party of 7 -LRB- close but not next the the front doors -RRB- and we were eating with our coats on .
1		service		A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
1		back garden sitting area		THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
1		personal herb garden		THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
0		pastrami sandwiches		Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
0		Mexican food		Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
1		drinks		The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
0		wine selection		The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
1		priced		The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
1		house salad		We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
1		ceiling		The ceiling is amazing !
0		check		And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
0		table		And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
0		glass of water		And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
1		french food		Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
0		live music		The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
-1		space		The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
0		jazz nights		The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
1		Food		Food was average but tasty .
1		establishment		Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
-1		entree		The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
-1		dessert		The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
1		staff		The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
0		food		With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
-1		lemon salad		With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
-1		pepper		With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
-1		places		The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
0		thai food		The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
1		food		Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
1		price		Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
0		front door		Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
1		Guizhou chicken		my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source -LRB- special menu -RRB- .
1		fish with hot bean source		my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source -LRB- special menu -RRB- .
1		fish fillet in spicy source		my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source -LRB- special menu -RRB- .
1		special menu		my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source -LRB- special menu -RRB- .
1		prices		Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
1		open kitchen		Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
-1		Pizza		Pizza was a little soggy .
1		food		The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
1		bhelpuri		The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
1		sevpuri		The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
1		samosa chaats		The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
1		indian appetizers		The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
1		bombay style chaat		The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
-1		Singapore Mai Fun		The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
-1		curry flavor		The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
-1		manager		The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
1		wine list		The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
-1		food		I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
0		dinner location		This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
1		Indian restaurant food		Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
1		AT MOSHPHERE		THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
1		pizza		By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
1		Thai food		Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
-1		service		Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
-1		waiter		The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
0		water		The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
1		food		The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
-1		bill		Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
1		reservations		NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
1		tips		NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
1		stuff		NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
1		sea bass		Try the sea bass .
1		sushi		$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
1		sushi places		$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
1		quality		$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
0		Sushi		Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
-1		price		Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
1		management		During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
0		meal		During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
0		round of drinks		During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
-1		toaster		But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
1		food		So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
-1		taste		The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
0		menu choices		The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
-1		flavor		The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
1		Dosa		A must for all the Dosa lovers .
1		portions		The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split -LRB- rather than one appetizer and entree per person -RRB- for two people .
0		appetizer		The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split -LRB- rather than one appetizer and entree per person -RRB- for two people .
0		entree		The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split -LRB- rather than one appetizer and entree per person -RRB- for two people .
0		appetizers		The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
-1		main courses		The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
-1		dessert		Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
1		exotic food		The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
1		staff		The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
1		table		The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
1		mediterranean salad		Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
1		People		People are always friendly .
1		cream cheeses		The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
1		coffee		The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
1		entrees		From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
1		sides		From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
1		drinks		From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
1		Service		Service was prompt and courteous .
-1		beef version		It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap -LRB- undercooked -RRB- beef .
-1		beef		It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap -LRB- undercooked -RRB- beef .
1		decor		Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
-1		thai		It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
0		club soda, filled with ice, no lime		Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime .
0		wine		Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
0		beer		Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
1		house varities		Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
-1		served		Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
0		owners		This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
-1		cost		This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
1		pudding dessert		Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
1		vegetable samosa		we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
1		malai tikka wrap		we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
-1		chef		Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
-1		waitress		Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
0		drinks		We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
1		wine selection		Decent wine selection too .
-1		bar		It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
-1		waiting		It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
-1		table		It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
1		meal		I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
1		goat cheese		Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta -LRB- raddichio was kind of bitter though -RRB- .
1		panchetta		Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta -LRB- raddichio was kind of bitter though -RRB- .
-1		raddichio		Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta -LRB- raddichio was kind of bitter though -RRB- .
-1		food		Disappointing food , lousy service .
-1		service		Disappointing food , lousy service .
1		food		If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
1		service		If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
1		kinds of beer		great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
0		drink		great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
-1		price		Over price , and small portions .
-1		portions		Over price , and small portions .
1		bartender		Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
0		champagne		Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
1		turnip soup with pureed basil		Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
1		food		The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
1		service		The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
1		dish		BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
1		Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp		BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
1		dish		BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
1		cost		BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
1		atmosphere		Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
1		music		Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
-1		portions		My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
1		portion		My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
-1		main cours		My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main cours e was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
-1		thai		But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
1		brunch		Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
1		nightcap		Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
1		food suggestions		Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
1		server		Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
1		sommelier		Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
1		fromager		Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
0		wine		Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
0		cheese		Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
1		back garden		Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
-1		reservation		Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
0		Japanese food		Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
1		food		While the food was good -LRB- certainly no Il Mulino -RRB- the service was horrendous .
-1		service		While the food was good -LRB- certainly no Il Mulino -RRB- the service was horrendous .
-1		Service		Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
-1		price category		Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
1		entertainment		Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
0		reservations		i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
1		pizza		Great pizza for lunch place .
-1		lunch		The food was very expensive -LRB- we spent $ 160 for lunch for two -RRB- but extremely tasty .
1		seved		We were a group of 8 and well seved .
1		signs		The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
1		specials menus		The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
1		food		The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
1		waitstaff		The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
1		scallop roll		I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
1		sesame chicken		I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
0		food		I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
0		bill		I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
1		nori-wrapped tuna		Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
1		dish		Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
1		food		The food was absolutely amazing !!
-1		servers		Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
0		food		Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
-1		fast food		An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
-1		food		An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
1		seafood		Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
1		staff		The staff is also attentive and friendly .
1		all you can eat deal		The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
-1		dish		That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
0		taste		That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
-1		dishes		That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
-1		meat patties in steamed buns		They were such a rip-off -LRB- $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns -RRB- and not worth trying .
1		pizzas		All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
1		price		All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
-1		FOOD		It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
-1		Ambiance		It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
1		food		The food was good too .
-1		waiter		Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
1		dining room		The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
1		music		The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
1		sushi		Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate -LRB- and thank goodness , in my opinion -RRB- but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
0		fish		Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate -LRB- and thank goodness , in my opinion -RRB- but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
1		menu		The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
1		variety of dishes		The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
1		seafood		The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
1		white bean brushetta		The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
1		pasta		The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
1		eats		The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
-1		menu		The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
1		food		Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
1		lay out		Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
1		service		Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
-1		cart attendant		Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
0		lotus leaf wrapped rice		Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
0		rice		Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
1		seated		We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
1		wait staff		The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
-1		waitstaff		The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
1		food		I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
1		feel		I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
1		taste		I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
1		price		They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
1		food		They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
1		service		They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
1		flavors		The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
1		menu		The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
1		food		The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
1		service		The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
1		ambience		The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
1		interior		This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
1		place		This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
1		food		The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
1		sashimi plate		I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
0		atmosphere		And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
-1		waitress		We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
-1		servants		We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
1		food		sometimes i get good food and ok service .
0		service		sometimes i get good food and ok service .
0		food		It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
-1		noise		It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
-1		chicken dish		After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
-1		manager		After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
0		dish		After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
1		food		The food was spicy and delicious .
0		lunch		Went for a late weekday lunch .
-1		Bartender		Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
0		bar		Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
1		food		Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
1		prix fixe lunch		Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
1		buffet		Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
1		food		This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
1		service		This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
0		drinks		Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
0		appetizers		Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
1		hot bagel		Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
-1		chicken		It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it -LRB- the sauce was translucent and red -RRB- .
0		oil		It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it -LRB- the sauce was translucent and red -RRB- .
0		pepper powder		It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it -LRB- the sauce was translucent and red -RRB- .
-1		sauce		It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it -LRB- the sauce was translucent and red -RRB- .
-1		waiter		One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
0		drinks		One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
0		food		We actually gave 10 % tip -LRB- which we have never done despite mediocre food and service -RRB- , because we felt totally ripped off .
0		service		We actually gave 10 % tip -LRB- which we have never done despite mediocre food and service -RRB- , because we felt totally ripped off .
-1		tip		We actually gave 10 % tip -LRB- which we have never done despite mediocre food and service -RRB- , because we felt totally ripped off .
1		glass of Sangria		We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
1		table by the window		I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
1		food		While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service -LRB- waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service -RRB- and lack of remorse .
-1		service		While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service -LRB- waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service -RRB- and lack of remorse .
-1		waiter		While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service -LRB- waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service -RRB- and lack of remorse .
-1		service		While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service -LRB- waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service -RRB- and lack of remorse .
1		service		The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
1		menu		We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
1		food		The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
0		food		The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
1		jalapeno		A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
0		pad see ew		Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
1		dishes		Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
1		back patio		We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
1		music		We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
1		location		The location is perfect .
1		Guacamole+shrimp appetizer		Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
1		filet		Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
-1		frites		Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
1		filet		Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
1		lunch special		The lunch special is an asbolute steal .
0		food		This food is asian-air fusion .
1		food		Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
1		price		Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
1		The chicken pot pie		The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
1		cheeseburger		The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
1		service		The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
1		food		While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
1		ambience		While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
0		dinner		Once for dinner and once for brunch .
0		brunch		Once for dinner and once for brunch .
-1		prices		Not worth the prices .
1		staff		From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
1		Service		Service was good and food is wonderful .
1		food		Service was good and food is wonderful .
1		service		She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
1		meal		The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
1		spicy ethnic foods		being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
-1		dinner		And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
0		snacking		And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
1		quality of food		The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
1		live jazz		The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
1		food		I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
1		SEASONAL beer		-LRB- Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
0		bartender		-LRB- Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
1		ambiance		If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
0		food		We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
0		Service		Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
0		food		Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
1		atmosphere		LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
1		course		Every course was better than the next .
1		staff		The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
1		service		If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
1		cook		Apparently , the good cook works then .
1		Yellowtail		The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
1		clams oreganta		I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
1		salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil		I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
-1		menu		The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
-1		portions		The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
-1		lentil dish		The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
-1		basmati rice dish		The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
-1		flavor		The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
1		menu		Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
1		cigar bar		Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
1		staff		Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
1		ambient		Very affordable and excellent ambient !
1		sushi		More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
1		cheescake		I have never had cheescake like this .
-1		delivery		My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
1		entertaining		Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
-1		ambience		Why do people rave about the ambience .
0		drink		Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished .
1		Fluke sashimi		Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
1		jalapeno-lime olive oil		Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
1		fruit of the oil		Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
1		fish		Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
1		sushi		Great sushi experience .
1		meal		If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
1		price		If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
-1		rice		They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
-1		steak au poivre		My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
1		staff		The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
1		ambiance		The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
1		owner		The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
1		congee		Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
1		bread		Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
1		donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh		Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
1		candle-light		Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
1		food-quality		Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
1		service		Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
-1		tables		Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
1		food		The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive -LRB- considering we were the only ones there for the first hour -RRB- .
1		waiter		The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive -LRB- considering we were the only ones there for the first hour -RRB- .
1		caviar		From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
1		waitstaff		From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
-1		ethnic food		Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
-1		place		The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
1		food		This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
1		money		This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
1		Ambience		Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
1		service		Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
1		Service		Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too -LRB- thank God , it was hot ! -RRB- .
1		AC		Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too -LRB- thank God , it was hot ! -RRB- .
1		people		You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
1		cooks		Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
1		sushi rolls		My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
0		prices		Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
0		dinner menu to sit		Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
0		take ou		Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take ou t prices are different .
1		staff		The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
1		food		The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
1		place		The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
1		Scallion Pancake		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
1		vegetable juice		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
1		Guizhou Chicken		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
1		Shredded Squid Family Style		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
1		Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
1		Shuizhu Fish		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
0		Sichuan food		my picks are : - Scallion Pancake -LRB- fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty -RRB- - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style -LRB- one of my personal favorites -RRB- - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish -LRB- this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
-1		spinach mushroom calzone		They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
-1		canned vegetables		They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
0		food		To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
0		Blue Point oysters		There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
0		beer		There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
0		glass of wine		There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
1		noodle dishes		I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
-1		Green Curry dish		I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
-1		prices		But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
-1		service		I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
-1		food		I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
1		atmoshere		Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
1		spicy tuna roll		The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
1		rock shrimp tempura		The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
1		appetizer		The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
1		staff		The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
1		staff		Great staff .
-1		cost		Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
0		meal		Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
-1		seat		Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
1		dessert		To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
1		White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate		To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
1		dinner		To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
1		banana tower		The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
1		dessert		The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
1		atmosphere		Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
1		dishes		Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
1		service		Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
1		place		A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
1		drinks		A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
1		desserts		A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
1		vibe		Great vibe , lots of people .
1		food		I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
1		food		I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
-1		service		The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
0		dinner		The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
1		table		The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
-1		icing on the cake		But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
-1		tiramisu		But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
1		food		Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
1		prices		Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
1		bar		A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
1		food		A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
1		beer		A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
1		specials		Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
1		ambience		The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
1		service		The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
1		french cuisine		Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
1		portions		Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
-1		Drinks		Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
1		vegetarian entree		The one vegetarian entree -LRB- Abby 's treasure -RRB- was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
1		Abby's treasure		The one vegetarian entree -LRB- Abby's treasure -RRB- was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
1		wintermelon		The one vegetarian entree -LRB- Abby 's treasure -RRB- was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
1		assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables		The one vegetarian entree -LRB- Abby 's treasure -RRB- was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
1		dumplings		At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
-1		pizza		But the pizza is way to expensive .
1		staff		And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
1		Steak au Poivre		Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
1		Onglet		Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
-1		prices		Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
1		reputation		Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
1		meal		We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
1		drink		Good drink .
1		food		Great food -LRB- spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry -RRB- , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
1		spinach and corn dumplings		Great food -LRB- spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry -RRB- , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
1		service		Great food -LRB- spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry -RRB- , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
1		bathroom		Great food -LRB- spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry -RRB- , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
1		massamman curry		Great food -LRB- spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry -RRB- , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
0		dinner		We had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
-1		ceiling		However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
0		dinner		However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
-1		chow fun and chow see		My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
1		table		Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
1		reservation		Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
1		seated		Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
-1		pita		we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
-1		naan		we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
0		menu		I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
1		oysters		I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
1		grilled cheese		The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
1		service		Great service , great food .
1		food		Great service , great food .
-1		food		sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
-1		service		sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
-1		service		sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
1		good		sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
-1		waitress		When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
0		check		When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
1		terrace		In summer-eat outside on a terrace -LRB- another great feature of Suan -RRB- !!!
1		design		It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
1		drinks		It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
1		food		It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
0		bar		It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
0		bar		We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
1		seafood		If you love seafood , you would love this place !
1		place		If you love seafood , you would love this place !
1		service		Good , fast service .
-1		prices		They charge different prices all the time .
-1		service		I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
1		cheese		My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
1		menu		My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
1		atmoshere		It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
-1		Japanese cuisin		It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisin e.
0		food		In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
0		appetizers		In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
1		Jazz bands		Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
1		hostess		To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
-1		wait		To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
1		table		To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
1		servers		The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait -LRB- shortly I might add -RRB- .
0		service		The service was ok .
0		dish		When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
-1		tables		Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
1		staff		The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
1		ambiance		The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
1		food		The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
1		food		The food was delicious -LRB- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -RRB- , and the service was top-notch .
1		halibut special		The food was delicious -LRB- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -RRB- , and the service was top-notch .
1		steak		The food was delicious -LRB- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -RRB- , and the service was top-notch .
1		service		The food was delicious -LRB- I had a halibut special , my husband had steak -RRB- , and the service was top-notch .
-1		manager		The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
0		bill		The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
1		japanese comfort food		it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
1		half price sushi deal		We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
0		reservation		we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
1		seated		we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
0		appetizer platter		We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
1		staff		The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
1		dress codes		No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
1		attitudes		No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
1		place		No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
1		pieces of sushi		Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
1		pasta		Even the pasta is delicious here -LRB- a rarity in New York pizza restaurants -RRB- .
-1		menu		but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
0		dumplings		but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
-1		appetizer		but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
1		manager		After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
-1		toaster		now if they could only get a toaster .
1		Neapolitan pizza		When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars -LRB- a growing legion -RRB- and checking on newcomers .
1		zucchini blossoms		When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars -LRB- a growing legion -RRB- and checking on newcomers .
-1		Wait staff		Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
1		pie		Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
1		ingredients		The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
1		crust		The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
1		slice		The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
1		Fish		Fish is so very fresh .
1		prices		The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
1		service		The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
1		food		The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
1		Vietnamese classics		Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
1		wait time		less wait time for me !
-1		decor		The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
1		fish tanks		Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
-1		owner		It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
1		pizza		I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
-1		beef		We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
-1		noodle soup dishes		We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
-1		menu		We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
1		cream cheeses		They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
1		salads		They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
1		lobster sandwich		The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
1		spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp		The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
1		food		The food was authentic .
1		dim sum		The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
1		prices		The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
1		spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce		I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
1		dish		I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
0		dishes		I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
-1		Japanese food		The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
-1		Chicken Teriyaki dish		I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
-1		chicken		I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
-1		reservations		We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
1		Pam's special fried fish		We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing .
-1		service		There is no excuse for such lousy service !
1		New England Chowder		My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
1		Lobster Bisque		My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
1		pizzas		So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
0		sushi		Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
-1		wines by the glass		Not enough wines by the glass either .
1		duck breast special		I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
-1		food		I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
1		french indian fusion		These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
1		dishes		These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
-1		seat		Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
0		bar		Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
1		food		No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
1		wait		We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
1		fried shrimp		My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
-1		food		One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
-1		service		The service is awful -- the last time I was there -LRB- and I do mean the last time -RRB- we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
-1		table		The service is awful -- the last time I was there -LRB- and I do mean the last time -RRB- we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
0		appetizer		We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
0		cheese fondue		We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
-1		table		Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table -LRB- even though we had reservations -RRB- .
-1		reservations		Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table -LRB- even though we had reservations -RRB- .
1		manager		night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
0		reservation		night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
0		bar		night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
1		wait		night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
1		green curry		Try the green curry !!!
1		scallops		We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
1		appetizer		We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
1		sauce		We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
1		service		We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
1		reservation		We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
1		seat		You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys -LRB- masaman , green , red -RRB- are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
1		currys (masaman, green, red)		You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
1		flavor		You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys -LRB- masaman , green , red -RRB- are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
1		food		The food there are sastifying .
1		dinner		I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
1		drinks		I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
1		bar		The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
1		beers		The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
1		wines		The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
1		priced		The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
-1		reservations		Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend -LRB- interesting , but ... -RRB- .
1		food		The food was good .
1		wine selection		Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
1		Gigondas		Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
1		house champagne		Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
0		price		Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
-1		music		at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
1		fish		I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
1		yellowfun tuna		I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
1		mussel selection		I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
1		bagel		I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
1		scenery		We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
1		dinner reservations		We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
1		place		The place was nice and calm .
1		Cheese plate		Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
0		glasses of water		I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
1		service		When we sat , we got great and fast service .
1		servers		Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
0		Service		Service is average .
1		Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual)		But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual) .
1		specials		But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza -LRB- a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual -RRB- .
0		sandwich		They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
0		plastic forks		They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
0		pita		They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
0		hummus platter		They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
1		steak		The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
1		fish		The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
1		sushi		The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
1		pizza		I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
-1		service		The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
-1		staff		The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
1		cocktails		My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
1		decor		My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
1		sushi		My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
1		apple tarte tatin		We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
0		dinner		We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
1		buffet		The buffet had a nice selection .
1		selection		The buffet had a nice selection .
1		Waitstaff		Waitstaff are very friendly .
-1		Service		Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
0		food		Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
1		chocolate		Will have to return to try the chocolate !
-1		food		The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
-1		service		The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
-1		ambience		The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
1		SHOWS		I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
1		ACTORS		I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
0		New York Bagel		Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
1		service		service was efficient courteous .
-1		miso soup		The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
-1		fish		The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
-1		flavor		The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
1		bagels		They are the best bagels I 've had .
0		ambience		I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
0		food		I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
1		space		Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
0		filets		$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
0		sides		$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
0		appetizer		$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
0		drinks		$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
0		prices		While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
1		portions		While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
1		location		Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
1		meal		Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
0		dinner		We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
1		spot		However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
-1		menu		The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
1		food		The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
0		Prix Fixe		The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
1		wine list		The wine list is extensive and impressive .
1		waitress		We had the most wonderful waitress .
1		staff		While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
1		quail		The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
1		pastas		The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
1		flavor		The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
1		zucchini		The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
1		mashed potatoes		The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
1		garlic		The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
1		butter		The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
1		staff		The staff is courteous and friendly .
1		Decor		Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
-1		service		Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
-1		service		Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
1		food		Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
1		drinks		Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
1		Spicy Scallop roll		Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
1		Indian dining experience		I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
1		sushi		This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
-1		workers		Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
-1		order		Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
1		specials		The specials are usually quite good too .
1		desserts		They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
1		mixed drinks		They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
1		snack foods		They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
1		chocolate mud cake (warmed)		Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
1		dulce de leche gelato		Try the chocolate mud cake -LRB- warmed -RRB- with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
1		stauff		Really cool stauff inside .
1		classical furniture		While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
-1		menu		While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
1		burger		The best burger I have had in the Village .
0		menu		We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
0		cole slaw		I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
0		knish		I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
0		dinner		Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
0		reservations		Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
1		blond wood decor		The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
1		sake		The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
1		service		The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
0		money		Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere -LRB- Anywhere -RRB- .
-1		bagel		Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
-1		eggs		Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
-1		bagel		Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
1		glass of wine		As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
1		wait staff		The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous -LRB- in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way -RRB- .
-1		atmosphere		Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
0		bagel		Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
1		Service		Service was very good and warm .
0		chicken tikka-masala		For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
0		garlic naan		For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
0		dinner		For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
1		dinner		Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
1		setting		Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
1		Food		Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
1		view		Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
-1		food		The food is nothing like its menu description .
-1		menu description		The food is nothing like its menu description .
1		Pad Se-Ew		Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
1		Chicken with Cashew Nuts		Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
0		pizza		It 's just O.K. pizza .
0		food		The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
-1		service		The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
1		specials		Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
1		French bistro fare		Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
1		food		The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
1		Shabu-Shabu		Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
-1		food		The food was absolutely horrible !
0		dinner special		Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
1		food		The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
-1		people with carts of food		The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
1		crackling calamari salad		The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
-1		sushi place		Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
0		group dinner		Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
1		Thai ice tea		The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
1		staff		We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
-1		Drinks		Drinks way over priced .
-1		priced		Drinks way over priced .
-1		noise level		The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
-1		guy		The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
-1		food		What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
0		prices		Moderate prices .
1		meals		I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
1		food		Most importantly , food is excellent .
1		roofdeck		Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
-1		music		Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
1		manager		The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager -LRB- a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile -RRB- truly cared about how we were doing .
0		service		However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
0		sesame crusted Salmon		However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
1		lunch		It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
0		food		The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
-1		service		The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
-1		crowd		So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
-1		noise		So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
1		eats		You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
1		drinks		You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
1		setting		You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
-1		service		The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
-1		served		The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
1		atmosphere		Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy -LRB- and the beautiful people of course -RRB- and the food was surprising good !
1		people		Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy -LRB- and the beautiful people of course -RRB- and the food was surprising good !
1		food		Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy -LRB- and the beautiful people of course -RRB- and the food was surprising good !
0		desserts		We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
0		drinks		We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
0		dinner		I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
0		brunch		I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
0		lunch		I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
0		menu		the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
1		beef cubes		the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
1		chicken with chili and lemon grass		the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
1		music		The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
1		bread		The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
1		lamb chops		The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
0		meal		The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
1		service		Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
1		atmosphere		Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
1		beer		instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
-1		noodles		They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
-1		sugar		They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
-1		dishes		They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
1		Chicken Tikka Masala		one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
1		dumplings		Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
1		decor		Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
-1		kitchen		The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
1		corned beef		The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
1		pastrami		The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
1		wait staff		Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
1		place		Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
1		hostess		Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
-1		people		people are rude bit again it 's new york !
1		plain slice		The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
1		toppings		The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
-1		Service		Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
-1		ambience		Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
1		Service		Service is great , takeout is good too .
1		takeout		Service is great , takeout is good too .
-1		pizza		The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
1		menu		Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
1		view		Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
-1		quality of food		For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
-1		fish tanks		Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
1		service		I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
1		fish		I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
1		live jazz band		The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
1		atmosphere		The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
0		Lobster Cobb Salad		The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
1		tea room		we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
1		meal		What an amazing meal and experience !
1		apppetizers		Unique apppetizers .
1		staff		The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
1		dinner		IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
-1		sandwiches		Also , the sandwiches -LRB- nearing $ 7 -RRB- did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
0		chips		Also , the sandwiches -LRB- nearing $ 7 -RRB- did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
0		side		Also , the sandwiches -LRB- nearing $ 7 -RRB- did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
-1		wait		The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek -LRB- for Chinatown -RRB- alternative .
0		dim sum		The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek -LRB- for Chinatown -RRB- alternative .
0		dim sum atmosphere		The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek -LRB- for Chinatown -RRB- alternative .
1		tables		The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek -LRB- for Chinatown -RRB- alternative .
-1		money		This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
0		indian food		This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
1		service		Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
1		decor		Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
1		Thai food		The Thai food is good .
1		selection of wine		Great selection of wine , and seafood .
1		seafood		Great selection of wine , and seafood .
1		prices		Acceptable prices .
0		sushi bar		we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
1		taste		As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
-1		price		Definitely not worth the price !
1		French food		Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
1		service		Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
1		table		It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
1		food		Great food at reasonable prices .
1		prices		Great food at reasonable prices .
1		Salads		Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
1		meal		Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
1		tamarind duck		I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
1		noodles with ground beef		I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
1		dishes		I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
1		Thai flavors		I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
1		view		If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
1		prices		The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
1		entree		The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
0		dinner		The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
1		lunch		The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
1		prices		and you ca n't beat the prices .
1		cuisine		Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
1		black cod with yuzu sauce		I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
-1		Prices		Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
1		spot		Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
-1		wait		Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
0		reservations		Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
-1		bread		Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
-1		salad		Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
-1		service		Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
-1		food		Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
-1		wait		Everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
1		pizza		The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
1		sicilian		The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
1		Downstairs lounge		Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
-1		menu prices		The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
-1		quality		The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
-1		portion size		The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
1		food		The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
1		service		The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
0		food		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
-1		busboy		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
-1		waiter		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
-1		cheese		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
-1		pasta		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
-1		water and wine glasses		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
0		wine		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
0		meal		-LRB- food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter -RRB- We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
1		takeout		The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
-1		food		The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
-1		sauces		The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
-1		prix fixe meal		Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
1		ambiance		This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
1		night scene		This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
1		spot		This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
1		expresso		One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
1		waitress		Again , the waitress was awesome .
1		shows		I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
1		actors		I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
1		service		The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
1		food		The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
1		hot sauce		The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
0		meals		The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
0		food		The food was just OK , I would never go back .
-1		ambiance		Zero ambiance to boot .
1		service		Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
1		dining		Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
1		thai popcorn		i recommend the thai popcorn : -RRB-
1		drinks		Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
1		decor		Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
1		food		Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
-1		chef		As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
0		check		As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
1		parathas		The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
1		kebabs		The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
1		tuna		The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
1		wasabe potatoes		The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
-1		coat check girls		The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night -LRB- for the coat check girls -RRB- .
-1		coat check girls		The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night -LRB- for the coat check girls -RRB- .
1		food		My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
1		beer		Ummm ... the beer was cold .
1		desserts		We had great desserts -LRB- including the best cannoli I 've ever had -RRB- and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
1		cannoli		We had great desserts -LRB- including the best cannoli I 've ever had -RRB- and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
1		after dinner drink		We had great desserts -LRB- including the best cannoli I 've ever had -RRB- and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
1		outdoor seating		Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
1		vibe		Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
0		room		We asked to be moved -LRB- which took half an hour -RRB- , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
-1		area		We asked to be moved -LRB- which took half an hour -RRB- , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
1		owners		Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
1		ambiance		However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
-1		tanks		Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
1		tanks		Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
0		dim sum		Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
0		brunch		Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at Ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
-1		Halibut		The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so -LRB- do n't waste any of your calories -RRB- and service was poor .
0		dessert		The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so -LRB- do n't waste any of your calories -RRB- and service was poor .
-1		service		The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so -LRB- do n't waste any of your calories -RRB- and service was poor .
1		view		The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
1		food		The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
0		food		The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
1		bagels		Good bagels and good cream cheese .
1		cream cheese		Good bagels and good cream cheese .
1		food		The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
1		service		The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
1		priced		It is also extremely well priced .
1		service		Always great service !
1		food		I am happy i did the food was awsome .
-1		chicken casserole		We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
-1		chicken		We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
-1		meat		We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
-1		mezzanine		A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
0		Valentines Day dinner		I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
1		jelly fish		I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
1		drunken chicken		I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
1		soupy dumplings		I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
1		stir fry blue crab		I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
1		SHOWS		I LOVED THE SHOWS .
1		dumplings		We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
1		meal		We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
1		dumpling menu		We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
-1		aesthetics		The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
-1		place		The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
1		box wine		Then , get ripped on free box wine .
1		food		My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
-1		fish		If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
-1		staff		If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
-1		sushi chef		If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
0		food		The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
-1		service		The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
1		pizza		The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
1		atmoshpere		The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
-1		seats		As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at Taj Mahal .
-1		roll		Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
-1		menu		Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
1		food		Good food .
-1		sashimi		those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
1		pesto pizza		The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
1		Italian chees		The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian chees e that I 'd never heard of before .
1		thin-crust pizza		The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
1		shrimp appetizer		try the spicy shrimp appetizer -LRB- again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price -RRB- and the lamb vindaloo is great .
1		lamb vindaloo		try the spicy shrimp appetizer -LRB- again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price -RRB- and the lamb vindaloo is great .
1		ambience		However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
-1		food		However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
-1		wait		Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
1		dinners		I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
1		beef		When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
1		spices		Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
1		onions		Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
1		eggs		Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
1		roti		Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
1		food		Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
1		price		Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
1		table		Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
1		menu		The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
1		potato pancakes		The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
1		fried dumpling		As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
-1		staff		The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
-1		service		The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
1		primi		My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
1		secondi		My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
1		portions		My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
-1		employees		I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
0		dining area		I 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
1		crab cakes		Delicious crab cakes too .
-1		dining experience		This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
1		service		I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
1		staff		I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
-1		waiter		Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
1		bruschetta		The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
1		panini		The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
0		Food		Food was okay , nothing great .
0		waitress		Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
-1		wait		Always popular , always full , always a wait .
0		Sichuan chef		It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
-1		spicy tuna roll		If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
0		serving		If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
-1		nori		If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
1		patio		I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
1		Pastrami		Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
1		portion		Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
0		food		If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
1		drinks		go here for the drinks !
1		courses		The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
-1		chocolate sampler		The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
-1		dessert wine		The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
-1		Butter		Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
-1		white wine		Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
-1		cheese		Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
0		private room		We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
-1		ambience		It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
-1		place		It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
-1		aisle		It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
-1		pre-fixe menu		We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course -LRB- other restaurants offer 3 choices -RRB- and ended up ordering a la carte .
0		choices per course		We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course -LRB- other restaurants offer 3 choices -RRB- and ended up ordering a la carte .
-1		ordering a la carte		We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course -LRB- other restaurants offer 3 choices -RRB- and ended up ordering a la carte .
1		Pakistani food		Authentic Pakistani food .
1		staff		The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
1		chef		The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
1		eggplant parmesan		The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
1		baked ziti with meatsauce		The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
1		serves		The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
1		ingredients		Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
1		price		Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
1		Service		Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
-1		hot pot with seafood		My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
-1		shrimp		My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
-1		squid		My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
1		entree		My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
-1		crabmeat		My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
0		cheese fondue		We began with the cheese fondue -LRB- the artisanal blend -RRB- and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
0		kielbasa		We began with the cheese fondue -LRB- the artisanal blend -RRB- and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
0		apples		We began with the cheese fondue -LRB- the artisanal blend -RRB- and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
1		value		In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
1		lunch		In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
0		curry		Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
0		food		Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
-1		food		In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
0		menu		In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
1		table		Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
1		seated		Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
-1		white sauce		If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
0		Chinese food		If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
1		bread		The bread is the soft paratha bread -LRB- unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta -RRB- , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
1		paratha bread		The bread is the soft paratha bread -LRB- unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta -RRB- , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
-1		bread		The bread is the soft paratha bread -LRB- unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta -RRB- , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
1		stuffing		The bread is the soft paratha bread -LRB- unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta -RRB- , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
1		tandoori		The bread is the soft paratha bread -LRB- unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta -RRB- , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
1		Service		Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
1		prices		Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
-1		delivery time		Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
1		pizza		Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
1		food		The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
1		price		The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
1		food		The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
0		food		The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
-1		food		The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
1		service		The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
1		decor		The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
1		food		The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
1		portions		The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
1		service		An excellent service
0		food		The food however , is what one might expect .
1		Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice		I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
1		pizza		The pizza was really good .
-1		menu items		The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
0		Food		Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
-1		place		The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
1		food		The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
1		food		The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
1		portion sizes		The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
1		Kosher dills		Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
1		sandwich		Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
1		shows		The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
0		dinner		The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
1		entertainment		The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
1		food		The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
1		waiters		The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
1		food		The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
-1		wait		The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
-1		bartender		The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
1		sushi		Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
1		Kamikaze		Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
1		Rolls		Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
1		Thai food		For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
-1		mayonaisse		The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
0		food runners		The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
-1		bill		The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
-1		fries		The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
1		braised lamb shank in red wine		I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
1		special		I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
0		wines		If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
1		wine list		If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
-1		waitstaff		The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
0		food		The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
1		iced tea		Have the iced tea .
-1		salmon		Small servings for main entree , i had salmon -LRB- wasnt impressed -RRB- girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
1		chicken		Small servings for main entree , i had salmon -LRB- wasnt impressed -RRB- girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
-1		servings		Small servings for main entree , i had salmon -LRB- wasnt impressed -RRB- girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
-1		entree		Small servings for main entree , i had salmon -LRB- wasnt impressed -RRB- girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
-1		salads		you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
0		lettuce		you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
1		ambience		The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
1		place		The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
1		bar		It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
-1		tables		It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
0		waiter		It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
0		bartender		It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
1		food		The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
1		price		The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
-1		fried dumplings		The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
-1		prices		There are much better places in NY with better prices .
1		Obv caviar		Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
1		menu		Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
-1		dishes		I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
0		food		Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
1		dining experiences		Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
0		food		I 've waited over one hour for food .
1		pizza		Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
1		santa fe chopped salad		Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
1		fish and chips		Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
1		ambience		The ambience is very calm and quiet .
-1		service		Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
1		pizza		not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
1		Tuna roll		The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
1		price range		The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
-1		Price		Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
-1		fish		Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
-1		quality		Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
1		waiter		Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
1		place		The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
1		dishes		The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
1		wine		The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
1		served		The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
1		comfort food		This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
1		ingredients		Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
1		technique		Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
0		lunch		Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
0		dinner		Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
1		pastrami sandwich		I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
-1		table		Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room -LRB- no matter what the size of your party -RRB- , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
1		atomosphere		Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room -LRB- no matter what the size of your party -RRB- , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
-1		room		Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room -LRB- no matter what the size of your party -RRB- , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
-1		spot		Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room -LRB- no matter what the size of your party -RRB- , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
-1		fish		The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
-1		rice		The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
-1		price		Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
-1		dish		Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
-1		lunch specia		Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch specia l , the dish was ridiculously small .
1		Indian Fast Food		This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food -LRB- all fast foods in my opinion -RRB- .
-1		service		Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
-1		money		Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
-1		tip		Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
1		wine list		The wine list is also really nice .
1		Service		Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
1		oysters		Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
1		price		Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
-1		bagel		Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
1		italian food		Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
1		service		The service was attentive , yet discreet .
-1		prices		For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
-1		atmosphere		For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
0		menu		They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
1		drinks		They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
1		atmosphere		We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
1		food		We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
1		food		The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
1		portions		The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
-1		place		Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
-1		place		Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
-1		service		You have to increase the service a lot .
-1		Ambiance		Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
1		management		Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
-1		portions		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
-1		appetizers		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
-1		appetizer		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
0		main entree		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
0		cold udon		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
1		chef		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
1		menu		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
-1		dish		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
-1		portions		I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small -LRB- especially the appetizers -RRB- , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer -LRB- 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing -RRB- , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
-1		food		They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
0		rice		They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
0		sashimi		After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
-1		portions		After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
0		main course		After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
-1		waiter		After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
1		snapple		Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
0		apps		When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
1		Service		Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
1		decor		Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
-1		dosas		The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
0		popcorn topping		The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
1		service		The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
1		food		The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
-1		scene		If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
-1		customers		If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
0		seafood		After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
1		ladies		Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
-1		wait		Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
1		people serving		Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
-1		food		Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
0		fillings		The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
1		dosa batter		The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
1		lunch		This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
1		dinner		This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
1		pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks		This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
1		spot		This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
-1		mussaman curry		The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
-1		fried tofu		The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
-1		potato		The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
0		dinner		Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
1		food		A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
1		service		A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
1		sake martini		Their sake martini is wonderful .
-1		place		Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
0		Gnochi		Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
1		dining		We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
1		service		Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
0		Bagels		Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
1		quality		fine dining restaurant quality .
-1		price		Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
0		lunch buffet		I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
1		food		The food was exceptional .
0		rice		A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
0		dinner		A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
-1		portions		The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
1		food		The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
1		serve		-LRB- and I have eaten my share -RRB- Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
1		setting		Sure , the setting is nice .
1		service		The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
1		food		The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
0		appetizer		Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
0		entrees		Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
0		cokes		Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
0		bill		Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
1		drumsticks over rice		Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
1		sour spicy soup		Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
-1		wines		Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
1		whitefish salad		Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
1		whitefish		Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
1		mayo		Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
1		price		And it all comes at a very reasonable price -LRB- congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each -RRB- .
0		congee		And it all comes at a very reasonable price -LRB- congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each -RRB- .
0		noodles		And it all comes at a very reasonable price -LRB- congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each -RRB- .
0		rice dishes		And it all comes at a very reasonable price -LRB- congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each -RRB- .
-1		chicken with portobello mushrooms		The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
-1		chicken		The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
-1		tomato sauce		The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
-1		pasta		The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
-1		sauce		The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
1		meal		I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
1		waitresses		The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
1		counter service		The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
1		staff member		The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
0		bar		The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
1		guy		The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
1		food		You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
1		prices		You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
1		service		Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
1		staff		I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
1		upstairs		I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
-1		red curry		The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
-1		pad thai		The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
-1		rice		The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
-1		seafood		The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
1		wine list		The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
1		meal		The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
1		priced		The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
0		Saul		Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
-1		food		I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
0		appetizers		We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
1		Price		Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR -LRB- Quality to Price Ratio -RRB- .
1		Quality		Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR -LRB- Quality to Price Ratio -RRB- .
-1		table		It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
1		dinner		It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
1		pad penang		Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
1		food		The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
-1		walls		The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
1		flavors		The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
-1		people		I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
-1		hanger steak		The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
-1		tuna		The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
1		pizza		Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city -LRB- Seattle -RRB- , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
1		lunch food		big and soft as well as good lunch food .
0		food		No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
1		food		No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
1		food		I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
1		quasi-thai		I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
1		salad		By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
0		fast food		By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
-1		bar		As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
0		bagel		Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ` special ' bagel experience .
1		bagels		Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
1		barebecued salmon		The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
0		owner		Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
1		portions		What generous portions !
0		workers		The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese -LRB- gets a little messy -RRB- .
0		bagel		The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese -LRB- gets a little messy -RRB- .
0		cream cheese		The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese -LRB- gets a little messy -RRB- .
1		wine		The wine the service was very good too .
1		service		The wine the service was very good too .
0		menu		So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
1		chai tea		The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
1		food		I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
1		Spicy Tuna hand rolls		Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
-1		food		While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
1		ambiance		While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
1		decor		While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
1		atmosphere		I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
0		meat dishes		The meat dishes were only so-so .
1		hostess		His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
1		atmosphere		His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
1		menu		The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc. .
1		brassiere food		The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc. .
-1		food		I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
-1		quality		I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
1		atmosphere		But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
1		Manager		We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
1		staff		The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
-1		service		You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
1		food		You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
1		atmosphere		You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
-1		service		The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
-1		server		The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
1		prix fix		Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
1		three course meal		Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
1		glasses of wine		Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
0		course		Monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
0		water		It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
1		service		The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
-1		place		The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
1		sushi		This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
0		pizza		I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
1		ingredients		Great value for the quality ingredients .
-1		Thali		The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
1		sushi		The sushi is also great !
1		chef app		From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
1		delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce		From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
1		buttery and tender langostine entree		From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
0		dessert		From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
1		Cakebread Cabernet		From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
1		waiter		Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
1		food		The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
1		cheesecake		I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
1		pastries		I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
1		staff		The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
0		bar		The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
0		drinks		The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
0		menu		The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
0		makhani		The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
-1		korma		The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
1		food		The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
1		decor		The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
1		place		The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
1		place		This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
1		lox		The lox is always fresh too .
1		Service		Service was very friendly .
1		thai food		So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
0		Food		Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
1		fish		Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
1		chinese food		We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
1		foie gras terrine with figs		The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
1		duck confit		The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
-1		staff		The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
-1		choices		I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
0		reservations		I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
0		food		I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
0		menu		I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
1		staff		The staff offers impeccable service .
1		service		The staff offers impeccable service .
1		Gulab Jamun (dessert)		We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter .
1		waiter		We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun -LRB- dessert -RRB- recommended by the waiter .
-1		price		This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
-1		freshness		This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
-1		value		This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
-1		quality		This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
1		place		The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
1		food		I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio -LRB- the Godfather -RRB- has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
1		wine		I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio -LRB- the Godfather -RRB- has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
1		prices		I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio -LRB- the Godfather -RRB- has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
1		brioche and lollies		The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
1		meal		The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
-1		2-person table		After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties -LRB- multiples of 2 and higher -RRB- seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
-1		bill		And the bill was outragous .
1		food		The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
1		wine list		The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
1		priced		The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
1		wait staff		Kind , attentive wait staff .
1		Salads		Salads were fantastic .
1		owners		The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
1		employees		The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
1		pizza		The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
1		food		The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
1		mussels in spicy tomato sauce		The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
1		fries		The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
1		food		The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
-1		dessert		skip dessert .
1		bagel		I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
-1		servers		It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
1		service		The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
1		ambience		The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
0		case of snapple		A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
1		food		It 's all about the food !!
1		service		Fast service .
1		staff		The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
0		bar		The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
1		chicken		stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
1		beef		stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
1		lamb dishes		stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
-1		service		The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
-1		food		The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
1		quality		We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
1		care		We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
1		food		We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
0		specials		We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
1		priced		This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
1		food		Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
-1		service		Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
1		waiters		The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
0		noodles		Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
1		dimsum		Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
1		service		The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
1		view		The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
-1		staff		We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
1		food		delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
1		atmosphere		delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
-1		prices		The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
0		dinner		I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
-1		soup		The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
-1		pepper		The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
1		sushimi cucumber roll		Try sushimi cucumber roll .
1		food		The food is delicious .
1		wines by the glass		Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
0		wine		Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
1		place		This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
1		ambience		This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
1		staff		This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
-1		salt		Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
0		sushi		believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
1		atmosphere		The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai -LRB- more modern and sleek -RRB- .
1		food		The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
1		service		The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
1		bagels		The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
0		dinner		I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
1		Service		Service is fast and friendly .
0		staff		from an English speaking staff .
1		potato chips		And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
0		bar		And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
1		portions		My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
-1		table		I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
1		pasta entre'es		We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
1		steak		The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had -LRB- I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat -RRB- .
-1		butter		The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had -LRB- I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat -RRB- .
0		flavor		The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had -LRB- I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat -RRB- .
1		meat		The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had -LRB- I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat -RRB- .
-1		food		The food was boring and expensive .
1		ambience		The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
1		lunch		The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
1		menu		Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
1		rolls		Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
1		dishes		Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
-1		service		The service is ok but could be better .
1		food		We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
1		drinks		We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
1		atmosphere		We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
-1		customer service		I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
1		place		Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
0		oyster		Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
0		Fish		Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
-1		maitre d'		Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
0		sushi bar		My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar -LRB- chef Yoshi -RRB- and ordered everything ala carte .
0		chef		My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar -LRB- chef Yoshi -RRB- and ordered everything ala carte .
0		ala carte		My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar -LRB- chef Yoshi -RRB- and ordered everything ala carte .
1		vibe		The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
1		service		The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
1		food		The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
1		table		If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
1		quality		If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
1		service		The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
1		atmosphere		The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
0		bagels		When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
1		Pad See Ew		I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
1		Pork Chops		I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
1		Tofu plates		I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
1		taste		Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
1		quantity		Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
0		bartender		this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food -LRB- try steak with portobello mushrooms -RRB- and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
1		food		this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food -LRB- try steak with portobello mushrooms -RRB- and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
1		drinks		this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food -LRB- try steak with portobello mushrooms -RRB- and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
1		steak with portobello mushrooms		this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food -LRB- try steak with portobello mushrooms -RRB- and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
0		bar		this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food -LRB- try steak with portobello mushrooms -RRB- and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
1		service		The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
1		main course		The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
0		portion		The main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
-1		reservation		20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
1		cocktails		20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
1		surroundings		20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
1		Waitstaff		Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
1		dinner menu		The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
1		CUISINE		IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
1		Indian food		I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
1		dishes		at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
-1		bill		I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
0		bagels		We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze -LRB- they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking -RRB- .
1		spot		Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
-1		service		And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
-1		delivery		And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
-1		bill		The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
1		bar		Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
1		bartender		Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
1		service		Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
1		ambiance		Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
1		calamari		The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
1		sauce		The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
1		duck noodles		The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
1		martinis		I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
1		comfort food		Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
1		portions		Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
-1		rolls		Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
0		menu		Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
-1		avocado		Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
-1		rice		Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
-1		drink refills		We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
0		dessert		We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
1		bagels		The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
1		priced		The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
1		business dinner		If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
1		table		If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
-1		Decor		Decor leaves something to be desired .
0		food		Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
1		waiter		Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
1		place		Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
-1		prices		Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
-1		food		Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
1		toppings		Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge -LRB- although they have more funky toppings ! -RRB-
1		place		When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 -LRB- have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more -RRB- I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
1		Meal		When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 -LRB- have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more -RRB- I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
1		LOBSTER TAILS		When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 -LRB- have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more -RRB- I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
1		espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse		in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
-1		desserts		in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
1		Pho		I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
1		Lemon grass chicken		I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
1		Beef Cube on rice		I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
1		portraits		Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
1		food		The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , -LRB- WOW -RRB- you 'll need no more .
1		appitizers		The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , -LRB- WOW -RRB- you 'll need no more .
1		main course		The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , -LRB- WOW -RRB- you 'll need no more .
1		desserts		The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , -LRB- WOW -RRB- you 'll need no more .
1		fish		My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
1		curry sauce		My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
1		deli		If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
1		pork buns		Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
1		Thai food		Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
-1		delivery		Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
1		space		The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
-1		drink		The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
-1		place		The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
1		slice		Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
1		dessert		And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
-1		reservation		They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
1		food		The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
1		pastas		The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
1		pizza		The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
1		Food		Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
1		Lobster Bisque		I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
1		Maine Lobster		I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
1		Pad Thai		Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
1		prices		Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
1		Food		Food is great and inexpensive .
1		price		The price very reasonable .
1		Dessert		Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room !!!
1		food		It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
1		Ingredients		Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
-1		food		It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
1		cuisine		I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
1		prices		I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
1		staff		The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
1		ambience		The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
1		food		The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
1		ingrediants		I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
1		cuisine		I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
1		food		I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
1		Pizza		THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
1		wine		THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
1		service		THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
1		backyard dining area		THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
1		waiters		The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
1		food		The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
1		bill		The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
1		service		The service was superb , they treat you like family .
1		menu		We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
1		food		We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
1		table		It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
-1		menu		The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
-1		rice		They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
-1		RICE		They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
1		surroundings		Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments -LRB- witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms -RRB- .
0		dining rooms		Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments -LRB- witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms -RRB- .
0		reservation		We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
1		table		We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
1		reservation		We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
0		dining		I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
1		staff		The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
1		flavors		The flavors robust and subtle .
1		oysters		All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
1		quality		All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
0		table		I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
1		tiramisu chocolate cake		We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
-1		counter service		The counter service is bad .
1		Service		Service here was great , food was fantastic .
1		food		Service here was great , food was fantastic .
1		place		This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
1		sauce		The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
1		crust		The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
0		dinner		Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
0		brunch		Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
-1		decore		You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
0		food		You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
1		entrees		They have some great entrees here as well .
0		service		The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
1		food		The food , served in small tasting portions -LRB- as an option -RRB- is very good with each dish being better than the next .
0		served		The food , served in small tasting portions -LRB- as an option -RRB- is very good with each dish being better than the next .
1		portions		The food , served in small tasting portions -LRB- as an option -RRB- is very good with each dish being better than the next .
1		dish		The food , served in small tasting portions -LRB- as an option -RRB- is very good with each dish being better than the next .
1		cater		They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
1		mango chicken		I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
1		presentation		I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
0		food		I care more about the food and ambience .
0		ambience		I care more about the food and ambience .
-1		drinks		Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks -LRB- which were also delightfully overpriced -RRB- .
1		service		The service is fantastic .
1		garlic mashed potatoes		The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
0		Food		Food and service was okay .
0		service		Food and service was okay .
-1		lamb meat		The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
1		pad thai		The best pad thai i 've ever had .
-1		food quality		Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
-1		service		Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
1		pizza		Great pizza and fantastic service .
1		service		Great pizza and fantastic service .
-1		waiter		We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
0		red wine		We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
0		hot tea		We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
0		outside		We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
-1		oil		i would just ask for no oil next time .
1		place		While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
-1		food		While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
0		lunch		I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
-1		wine list		The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
-1		desserts		The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
0		Lassi		I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
1		coffee		Their coffee is quite good too !
1		wine list		great wine list -LRB- italian -RRB- , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
1		food		great wine list -LRB- italian -RRB- , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
1		space		Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
-1		tables		Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
-1		place		They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
0		dish		I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
0		host		Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
1		Taxan		Taxan delicious !
-1		sandwiches		Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion -LRB- and price -RRB- .
1		price		Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion -LRB- and price -RRB- .
1		portion		Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion -LRB- and price -RRB- .
0		Southern Indian cuisine		Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
1		place		Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
-1		salad		They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
0		tip		For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
1		Sushi		Killer Sushi !
1		food		Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
-1		Staffs		Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
1		taste		Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
1		jukebox		The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
1		martini		Plus they made a perfect martini .
0		food		I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
0		cuisine		I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
1		waiter		The waiter was attentive .
1		Margarita		Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
1		tastes		The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
1		sake list		Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
-1		tables		The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
0		menu		The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
-1		wine list		The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
-1		food		The food was actually aweful .
1		appetizer		They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
1		portions		They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
0		served		They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
0		lunch		They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
1		space		There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
1		decor		There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
0		dinner		There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
1		service		We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
0		Steak		My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
-1		rice		Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
-1		sushi		Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
-1		seasoning		Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
1		sushi		This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
1		menu		This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
1		Japanese classic cuisine		This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
0		sushi		The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
0		prices		The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
1		spinach		My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
1		Shanghai low mein		My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
0		Owner		Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
1		service		Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
0		dim sum orders		Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
1		dumpling		If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
1		wine menu		Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
1		entree		Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
1		horedevous		Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
1		food		The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
1		owner		The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
-1		waiters		The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
-1		owners		The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
1		food		And the food was fantastic .
0		drink		If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls -LRB- hot -RRB- .
1		hong-kong styled milk		If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls -LRB- hot -RRB- .
1		tea with tapioca pearls (hot)		If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot) .
0		chef		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
0		assortment of fish		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
0		Fatty Yellow Tail		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
0		Boton Shrimp		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
0		Sea Eel		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
0		Sea Urchin		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro -LRB- Fatty Tuna -RRB- , Sea Eel , etc. .
0		Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna)		Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna) , Sea Eel , etc. .
1		owner		They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
-1		room		While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
1		plate		While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
-1		waterbugs		I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place -LRB- except in a really bad dream -RRB- .
1		crew		Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
1		staff		Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
1		serving		Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
1		ambiance		The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
-1		food		The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
1		dishes		The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
1		eggplant parmesan		The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
1		veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca		The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
0		host		My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
0		appetizers		My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
0		waiter		My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
1		chutneys		You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
1		bar		The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
1		mixed drink special		The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
1		food		If it is n't for the food -LRB- A + + + -RRB- , it must be the service or the ambience .
1		service		If it is n't for the food -LRB- A + + + -RRB- , it must be the service or the ambience .
1		ambience		If it is n't for the food -LRB- A + + + -RRB- , it must be the service or the ambience .
-1		chef		During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
-1		staff		During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
1		ambience		I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
-1		money		Overall , not worth the money .
-1		prices		This place is not worth the prices .
0		drink		We left after one drink .
1		bagels		Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
-1		waiting area		Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
-1		seat		Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
0		bar		Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
-1		wait		Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
-1		food		The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
-1		flavor		The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
-1		dish		The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
-1		spice		The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
1		fried dumplings		The fried dumplings are GREAT !
1		BBQ ribs		This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
0		waiters		Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
0		Argentinian Pizza		We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
0		lunch		We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
1		Pelligrino		We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
1		pizza		We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
1		goat cheese		We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
1		blue cheese		We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
1		kamasutra		The ' kamasutra ' and ` bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
1		bombay cosmopolitan		The ` kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
1		date spot		This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
0		dim sum		The dim sum here is only so-so .
1		food		$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
1		food		Just straight up cheap , good food .
0		Seating		Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
-1		cost		Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
-1		Service		Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
1		people		Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
-1		steak		The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
-1		sauce		The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
1		staff		The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
1		food		The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
1		atmosphere		The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
-1		steak dish		The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not -LRB- like the steak dish which tends to be dry -RRB- .
1		menu		They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
-1		staff		The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
0		sushi		The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
0		check		The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
0		dinner		The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
0		bar		The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
1		food spot		As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
0		bagel		The bagel was huge .
1		tuna		Get the tuna of gari .
1		somosas		I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
1		chai		I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
1		chole		I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
-1		dhosas		I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
-1		dhal		I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
-1		prices		Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
-1		bathroom		The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
1		service		The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
1		Service		Service - friendly and attentive .
1		food		Great food , great decor , great service .
1		decor		Great food , great decor , great service .
1		service		Great food , great decor , great service .
0		tables		And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
0		space		And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
0		palak paneer		The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
0		malai kofta		The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
1		dining		I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
1		price		I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
-1		service		Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
-1		ambiance		There was no ambiance .
1		food		Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
1		service		Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
1		service		The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
1		dish		The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
1		spring rolls		The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
1		cod with pineapple tempura		The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
0		bottle		The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
-1		waitress		The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
-1		price		The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
1		sushi		They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc. .
1		sauce		They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc. .
1		topping		They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc. .
-1		taste		DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
1		service		The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
-1		place		The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
1		service		The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
1		food		The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
1		Service		Service was also very good .
1		meal		I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
-1		portions		I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
-1		qualities		I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
1		food		I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
1		atmosphere		Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
1		music		Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
-1		dress cod		Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress cod e is relatively strict except on Fridays .
1		food		love the food .
1		candles		I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
1		dinner		I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
1		surrounding		I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
1		pictures		I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
1		desserts		All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
1		sake		There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
1		place		It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
1		Reuben sandwich		Best Reuben sandwich ever !
1		place		Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
1		strawberry daiquiries		Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
0		dinner		Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
-1		sushi		The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating -LRB- if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud -RRB- .
-1		wait service		The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating -LRB- if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud -RRB- .
-1		area		The sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating -LRB- if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud -RRB- .
1		Frites		Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
1		zen feel		Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
0		drink		I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
0		bar		I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
-1		wait time		I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
1		egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork		I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
0		table		I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
0		rice congee soup		I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
1		bagel		Overall , the best bagel in town .
1		summer rolls		Light , refreshing summer rolls -LRB- not fried -RRB- remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
1		sushi		The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
-1		service		but the service was a bit slow .
1		Spreads		Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
1		toppings		Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
1		pizza		When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
0		plates		No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
1		Indoor		Indoor was very cozy and cute .
1		brunch		We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
1		mimosas		We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
-1		prices		And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
-1		prices		And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
-1		food		And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
-1		service		And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
1		service		The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
1		food		The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
1		service		The service is good and the resturant is clean .
1		drinks		Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
1		dinner		Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
1		spot		Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
-1		dishes		Just stick with the small dishes !
1		cafe		The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
1		outdoor chairs		The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
1		tables		The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
-1		service		The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
1		staff		I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
1		Food		Food is excellent .
1		salads		Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
0		lettuce		Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
0		walnuts		Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
1		lunch buffet		Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
-1		cuisine		If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
1		priced		both are very reasonably priced -LRB- around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch -RRB- , and are delicious and filling .
1		dinner		both are very reasonably priced -LRB- around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch -RRB- , and are delicious and filling .
1		lunch		both are very reasonably priced -LRB- around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch -RRB- , and are delicious and filling .
1		Ambience		Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
1		portion sizes		The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
1		sushi		The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
1		tuna		My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
0		menu		This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
0		pad thai		This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
0		tom yum soup		This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
1		food		Good food at the restaurant -LRB- a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date -RRB- .
1		caviar		I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
1		service		I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
1		food		I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
-1		wait		I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
1		eats		great eats , good times .
1		fish		Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
1		Neapolitan fare		For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
-1		entrees		Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
1		summer rolls		Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
1		owner		Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
1		service		The service was great as well .
1		lobster teriyaki		Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
1		rose special roll		Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
1		entrees		Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
1		food		The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
1		atmosphere		The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
-1		place		From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
1		food		I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
1		service		I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
1		value		I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
-1		foods		We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
1		food		The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
0		glass of wine		I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
0		glass of beer		I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
0		dinner		I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
1		drinks		The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
-1		service staff		The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
-1		delivery guys		There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
1		staff		The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
1		prices		The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
1		food		The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
1		Tamarind Margaritas		If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
1		filet mignon dish		The filet mignon dish was superb !
1		food		I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
1		getting a table		I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
1		place		This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
1		food		The food is good , I ca n't lie .
1		food		great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
1		pastrami on challah sandwich		I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
1		soups		I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
1		knishes		I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
0		atmosphere		The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
1		atomosphere		Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
1		tables		Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
1		beer		This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
1		scallops		I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi -LRB- on saffron risotto-yum ! -RRB- .
1		mahi mahi (on saffron risotto		I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto - yum ! -RRB- .
1		ambience		The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
1		prices		The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
1		food		The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
-1		Go Go Hamburgers		Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
1		sandwhiches		The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
1		Thia food		If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
1		Decor		Decor is charming .
1		food		The food was very well prepared .
1		spring rolls		Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
1		noodles		Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
1		price		Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
-1		dim sum		Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
1		food		Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
-1		portions		Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
0		dishes		Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
0		dish		Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
-1		drinks		While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
-1		bars		While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
1		drinks		While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
1		stuff		Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
1		waiter		Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
1		dessert		Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
1		staff		Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
-1		food		The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
1		pre-theatre menu		If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
1		seafood		If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
1		vegetables		If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
-1		portion size		If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
1		prices		The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
1		quality		The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
1		quantity		The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
1		freshness		The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
1		taste		The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
1		stomach		Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
1		wallet		Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
1		Gnochi		Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
-1		SERVICE		INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
-1		FOOD QUALITY		INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
-1		PRICES		INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
1		meal		I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
-1		line		I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
1		dinner specials		We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
1		priced		We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
-1		food		Horrible food and Horrible service .
-1		service		Horrible food and Horrible service .
1		wine		The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
1		cheese		The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
1		fondue		The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
1		table grilling		The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
1		food		They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
1		exotic salad		Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
1		green salad		Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
1		sweet basil fried tofu		Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
1		peanut sauce		Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
-1		TOASTING		THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
1		food		Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
1		garden		Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
1		place		Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
1		service		Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
-1		food		The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
-1		waiter		The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
-1		wine		The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
0		meal		The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
1		chicken		The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
1		steak		The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
1		lamb sandwhich		The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
-1		dim sum dish		We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
1		food		No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
1		food		The food was great and the service was even better .
1		service		The food was great and the service was even better .
1		rice		While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
1		entrees		While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
1		Traditional French decour		Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
-1		hall		Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
1		fish		The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef -LRB- usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt -RRB- .
1		sushi chef		The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef -LRB- usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt -RRB- .
1		wasabi		The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef -LRB- usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt -RRB- .
1		soy sauce		The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef -LRB- usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt -RRB- .
1		sea salt		The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef -LRB- usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt -RRB- .
-1		burgers		Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ` nt feel like finishing them .
1		cheeseburgers		My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
1		Unda (Egg) rolls		I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls .
1		wine choices		Very good wine choices .
1		Jazz		This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
-1		waitstaff		We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
1		lazy susans		If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
1		tables		If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
1		tuna		They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
1		steak		Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
1		pork loin		Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
0		table		I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
-1		wait		I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
1		setting		I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
1		service		I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
1		burger		The burger was great , also .
-1		discount		they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
-1		service		they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
1		portions		Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
1		food		Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
1		pizza		The pizza was great .
1		Edamame pureed		I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty -LRB- could 've used a bit more salt -RRB- .
-1		service		however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
0		specials		When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
1		price		The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
1		appetizers		The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
1		food		The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
-1		vegetarian dishes		Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
1		non-veg selections		Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
1		owner		Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
1		sushi		They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
1		place		They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
0		lunch		I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
1		wait		I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
1		food		All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
0		dinners		All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
1		food		Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
1		service		Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
1		atmosphere		Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
1		lunch buffet		Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
1		dinner		Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
1		lunch		Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
0		appetizers		For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
1		shrimp fritters		For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
1		dumplings		For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
1		people		Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
0		food		Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
-1		spot lights		The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
1		Times Square cocktail		Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka -LRB- also available without vodka . -RRB-
1		ginger lemonade with vodka		Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka -LRB- also available without vodka . -RRB-
1		Veal Parmigana		Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
1		wine		Great wine , great food .
1		food		Great wine , great food .
0		service		The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
-1		air conditioning		The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
-1		meal		The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
1		food		The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
1		staff		The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
0		pizza		Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza -LRB- as I love La Pizza Fresca -RRB- .
-1		sushi		honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
1		food		However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
1		price		However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
-1		decor		However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
1		sichuan cooking		What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
1		chongqing hotpot		What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
-1		table		Our tiny table for two -LRB- dinner plates hung over edge -RRB- was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
-1		waiter traffic		Our tiny table for two -LRB- dinner plates hung over edge -RRB- was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
-1		dinner plates		Our tiny table for two -LRB- dinner plates hung over edge -RRB- was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
1		Nanbu Bijin		Sake collection was excellent -LRB- Try Nanbu Bijin -RRB- , but pricy .
1		dishes		Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
1		chicken in curry sauc		Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauc e and salmon caserole .
1		salmon caserole		Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
1		Angry Lobster		One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
1		cold lobster salad		One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
1		bartender		Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
1		service		The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
1		crab-cake eggs benedict		The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
1		decor		The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
1		bathrooms		The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
1		location		Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
1		prices		Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
1		place		A wonderful place !
-1		Deliveries		Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
-1		prices		Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
-1		place		Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
0		hot dogs		We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
0		menu		We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
0		chicken with garlic sauce		I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
0		chicken with black bean sauce		I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
0		hunan chicken		I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
-1		take-out pies		Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
-1		crust		Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
0		dish		The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
0		beef		The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
0		bannan fritter		We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
0		served		We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
0		rice		It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
0		water		It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
1		place		This place is always very crowded and popular .
0		Appetizers		Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
0		main dishes		Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
0		dinner		My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .
0		food		I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
0		atmosphere		I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
-1		manager		A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
-1		gentleman		A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
0		table		A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
0		appetizers		we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
0		pizza		I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
0		caprese salad appetizer		I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
-1		meal		He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
0		Half-Price Saturday Night Special		I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
0		food		If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
0		value		If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
0		selection		The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
0		basic dishes		The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
1		soup		Get the soup and a nosh -LRB- pastrami sandwich -RRB- for $ 8 and you 're golden .
1		nosh (pastrami sandwich)		Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
0		lunch		I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
0		Christmas dinner		My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
1		bagels		I grew up on these bagels .
-1		table		We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
0		reservations		The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
-1		hostess		To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
0		busboy		To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
0		table		To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
-1		pizza		After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
0		dinosaur rolls		then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
0		white tuna sashimi		then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
1		Gnocchi		I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
0		reservation		they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
-1		beer		Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
0		bar		We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
0		service		The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
0		bottle of sake		We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
0		edamames		We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
0		sushi plat		We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plat e while I had the sashimi .
0		sashimi		We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
0		cheese sticks		I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
1		appetizers		From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
1		dim sum		From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
1		foods		From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
1		food		From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
0		table		Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
0		pot of boiling water		Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
0		meats		Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
0		vegetables		Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
0		rice		Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
0		glass noodles		Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
